California has adopted ambitious climate goals... Achieving these targets will require
California in law or practice, as the ACOEM Guidelines have been used in
California Norml states in its
California Nurse Midwives Association has taken an
California Nurses Association also
California Nurses Association to establish workers' compensation presumptions for employees at hospitals
California Professional Firefighters to expand a current law exemption to mandatory reporting of motor vehicle accidents for certain public safety professionals
California Psychological Association (CPA) also
California Psychological Association to establish basic safety standards for children
California Public Defenders Association, in support of the bill
California Public Defenders Association, who
California School Nurses Organization indicates
California should not charge interest on government-owed child
California Society of Addiction Medicine (CSAM) states
California State Association of Counties (CSAC) write "CSAC
California Teachers Association (CTA) wrote
California Teachers Association writes the following
California Transportation Commission, who
California's continued investment in and reliance on SELPAs demonstrate confidence in the quality and effectiveness of
California's diverse communities include about 25% of the United
Catalytic converter thefts were up 175% from July 1, 2020, to June 30, 2021, according to records from State Farm Insurance
Center for Biological Diversity, and a group of environmental and public health organizations
centers based upon volume of unfunded patients as
CFC states they
CHA further
Children's Law Center of California (CLC), mirroring the views of many other supporters
Children's Specialty Care Coalition writes
CITED is proud to sponsor and
Citizens Commission on Human Rights (CCHR) states in an
City of Santa Monica strongly
City's legislative platform
Classy further seeks "clarification and distinction between the two main types of 'peer-to-peer charitable fundraising'" and
clearinghouse concept, which has been used in some other
clients with essential services to help gain employment in the county's
CNA also objects to features of telehealth that it
Co-locating child care centers with multi-family housing developments and other community amenities is a promising strategy
Co-location recognizes that quality early care and education is both a critical source
coalition also raises concerns around definitions and terms that it
Coalition cites that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
collection agency for the federal government, as all funds collected by
commit crimes while incarcerated
common misconceptions about DEJ. There is a belief by some that a young
communicate with board members
communities throughout the state will be prepared to act fast and in a robust manner
comparison. Other opponents make similar arguments that the existing
comprise only 6.4% of the California population, they account
conclusive scientific evidence that needle exchange programs, as part of comprehensive HIV prevention strategies, are an
consideration of race necessarily makes it one of the plus or
considering' race, ethnicity, or national origin violates
construction of facilities
consumers must either find one of the few privacy-focused browsers or take extra steps to locate and download a browser plugin created by third-party developers that adds
contends this higher price will be passed on to employers in
contracts. The chamber is also concerned about retaliatory policies from
convenient and affordable hydrogen fueling
Cosponsors jointly write
cost-effectively cut emissions from a wide variety of mobile sources in our
costs associated with maintaining mobilehome park water systems are significantly higher than for apartment buildings, which is why WMA
costs the state. We need to give them the best opportunity to succeed
costs. They
could come within the statute, and be punished with a life sentence as if
county and private laboratory providers and Planned Parenthood Affiliates of California
county potentially develop different requirements
crime which dramatically increases punishment would deter or prevent the physical abuse of children in the future
CSSA must respectfully
CTA does not
Currently, 18
CWA D9 workers have witnessed their call centers -- those that
DBO denied the Escrow Institute of California's 2017 petition to exclude leases from current liabilities in the Escrow Law regulations because the Department
death rate from this type of cancer in 2020 in the United
decide whether prequalification is necessary and within their best
declaring a state of emergency every two to three weeks
defenders and judges. California cannot afford that alternative at a
Department of Finance writes that it
Department of Labor itself found that the PUA program was particularly susceptible to fraud, as it did not require income or employment verification upfront and allowed claimants to backdate their
depending upon the design of an enrollee's plan
designed to aid workers in gaining new skills or upgrade existing skills
Despite
Despite Grubhub's
Despite student parents' advocates continually requesting institutions to track this data in order to have better information for designing and providing
develop and
different e-mail addresses for different purposes, all of the e-mail
diminishment of judicial discretion
Director (AD) of the Division of Workers' Compensation declined to adopt
district began its own promise program in 2017 with funding
districts to impose an additional $2 of the $4 surcharge on motor vehicle
districts, until January 1, 2015, to use motor vehicle registration fee
done to reduce that risk
during the last three years. Finally, in implementing its Armed and Prohibited Persons System Program, DOJ is finding that 54% of illegal
each workforce area. According to SOR's report, more than 200 centers
economic and demographic factors. California and its 49 Local LWIA
Education Code Section 44270 needs to be modified to increase professional equity for OTs and PTs and ultimately
Education Insights Center Policy Brief, "California's Maze of Student Information: Education Data Systems Leave Critical Questions Unanswered," August
effective public health intervention that reduces transmission
effectively conduct utilization review, by causing delays and increasing
effectiveness of GVROs and similar protective orders in other
eighteen without shelter. The bill will treat the THP-Plus Foster Care
eligible training programs. Likewise, WIA funds used for training can
eliminates a crime or infraction
eliminating the optional portions of estate recovery. WCLP
employees may not want or use the benefit. The association
employment action the employer takes against an employee could be
END -- [1] "Non-Exemptible Crimes. Revised 4/10
END -- [1] https://www.apa.org/pi/families/poverty.aspx?item=6
END -- [1] Robert Wassmer and Ronald Fisher "Debt Burdens of California State and Local Governments: Past, Present and Future." As requested and supported by
END -- [pic
END -- [pic][pic
enhancement, thus punishing a person twice for the same conduct
environmental and human rights concerns. There is no registered
estate recovery, they are fearful that if they enroll in Medi-Cal, they
estimate and on the final invoice. The California Motor Car Dealers
Every year, nearly 30 teens under 18 die from work injuries in the United
evidence to suggest the capital punishment system has
executions in California while the Commission on the Fair
existing funding mechanism
Expanding the use of moneys in the Abortion Practical
expansion population, estate recovery effectively makes the state a
explain their
explains its
failed in California or that the California system of post-conviction review is in any way inadequate. All death
family members and
favors the inclusion of tobacco use as a rating factor in setting premiums
FDA continuously monitors information relating to the safety of all food and color additives and
Federal Fund) in 2022-23
Federal law also requires LWIA boards to provide job training services, which includes classroom training, customized training, and on-the-job
Federal law does allow more than one One Stop Center to operate within
Federal Receiver appointed by the Court in Marciano
fee on annual vehicle registrations. The BAAQMD has used these funds to
Finally, opponents
Finally, the Coalition
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Senate Appropriations Committee, DHCS
FISCAL COMMENTS The Assembly Committee on Appropriations
FISCAL COMMENTS The bill provides an appropriation of $5 million General Fund for activities related to the DDS Federal
Flores, A. Bostrom, and R. Newcomer. California Health Care Foundation, 2008
FLS-CA is also "in
for 66.5% of convictions for crack cocaine sale. Hispanics
For example
For example, Frontier Communications
For example, if a judge
For example, the Los Angeles County probation website has a very informative web page about how to go about requesting and obtaining juvenile records, and includes a robust FAQ section
for insulin only
For providers to remain financially stable and available to Californians, particularly during a time when patients are forced to come to California, displaced by cruel restrictions in other
For stale-dated warrant claims, the Controller must confirm the check was
For those who are interested in stemming the tide of criminal firearm use, we share a common desire, and GOC
for treatment and rehabilitation
Four television networks and one local
Fragrance Creators Association (FCA) is writing to express our
free and reduced-price meals to eligible students is necessary to ensure equitable access to resources that
from DOJ shows that there are an increasing number of long gun sales and transfers in California. Specifically, average annual long gun sales have
from the Salton Sea Restoration Fund to the Department of Fish and Wildlife
fuels like cellulosic ethanol. Cellulosic ethanol converts many products, including waste, to fuel and provides long-term sustainability for
funds are distributed to local boards. Fifteen percent of adult, youth, and dislocated worker formula funds are allocated to the state for a
Funds are often distributed through vouchers to job seekers to enroll in
Further, DHCS
Furthermore, at least 28 other
Furthermore, current law
Furthermore, providing this information continues to
generally express their moral opposition to same sex marriage and
Given the incidence of domestic violence in the United
groups concerned about loosening alcohol restrictions
Guided by this research, juvenile justice experts in the Pew Charitable Trusts' Public Safety Performance Project have recommended shorter periods of probation for youth in several
guilty of a crime. Sentencing decisions have always been made by judges
hamper an employer's ability to manage their business, as any adverse
have found this requirement increased health insurance premiums in the individual market significantly. In addition, Blue Shield of California
have serious funding challenges, we urge you to vote "aye" on this measure
HCAI administers several Loan Repayment Programs that offer financial
Health care providers and health consumer advocates also
Health plan trade groups are opposed to the imposition of guaranteed issue and community rating without an individual mandate to
Health plans are required to report their own
HIV and many more are also associated with high-cost drugs and
home or have been prior to this year aging out of the foster care system at
However, ABC
However, because present law forbids the sharing of information of incarcerated individuals with EDD, California could not flag these
However, Caltrans
However, CEC
However, CP
However, DGS
However, EDD
However, hiring these temporary RNs (often from other
However, the actions of some industries and
I am writing
I am writing to inform you that CAA has taken a
I write
If local governments file
If the Court upholds Mississippi's abortion ban, thereby overturning Roe, people in over half of the
immunizations for the infant and social
implements the extension of foster care. Most foster youth leaving the system do not have a good support system that would prevent them from
impose unreasonable costs on employers because it would apply
improve the quality of care provided to residents because no level of mastery or competency is required and the exam does not accommodate those
In 2022, there have been over 500 abortion restrictions introduced across 41
In 2023, over 153 thousand adults in the United
In a joint
In a letter
In concluding SFPDO
In concluding, the Insurance Commissioner
In conclusion, the California Alliance
in Congress resulted in the expiration of federal corn ethanol subsidies on
In its support, the California Public Interest Research Group
In opposition to the bill, the California Chamber of Commerce, along with a number of other business organizations
In opposition to the bill, the County Welfare Directors
In opposition, the Right to Life League
In opposition, the Southern California Rental Housing Association
In order to provide these services, each local workforce area created
In part, the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees, AFL-CIO
In part, the American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees, AFL-CIO
In response, the author
In several
In several of our interviews, we learned that for immigrants and refugees with education and career experience from abroad, obtaining accreditation or credit to pursue their careers in the United
in strong
in support
In support of the bill, Oakland Privacy
In support of the bill, the Academy of California Adoption-ART Lawyers
In support of the measure the ACLU
In support of this measure, the California Association of Student Councils
In support the American Lung Association in California
In support, the California Teachers Association
In support, the League of Women Voters of California
In support, the Yolo County Assessor/Clerk-Recorder/Elections Office
in the nation
In their "oppose unless amended" letter, Classy
In their "oppose" letter, Classy
in their area. Specifically, the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors
In their joint letter they
In this case, however, ABC
incarcerated people often lose connection
including instructional strategies that could be leveraged
including IT and administrative staff
including nearly one-third who strongly
including supplemental
including the University of California
including through creating resilience centers that can
increased by 7.7% during the 2000-2009 period when compared to 1991-1999
information will
instead
International Airport is prone to a terrorist attack, and what should be
introduced in the Senate and the Assembly. SB 19 (Ortiz), sponsored by the Schwarzenegger Administration and essentially
is pleased
It can only be reversed for an abuse of discretion which only occurs when it fails
It has long been known that there is a great need for supportive services at schools and recent data indicates
it is essential that individuals with BPD have access to the same treatment and
It is one thing, the opposition
It is unclear how many new
it was intended from being discharged by an unauthorized user
It will also enable targeted interventions
It would also ensure that registered SUD counselors have at least similar competency hour requirements
January 1, 2012. California should join this effort and send a clear
judgments are automatically reviewed on direct appeal by
just require that firearms sold by a dealer be accompanied by
largest economy will join Congress to end state subsidies for corn ethanol
Lastly, there are extreme risks for children, as firearm injury is the leading cause of death in the United
Legislature should
like many of the other groups writing
limit bidders, thus reducing competition and driving up prices on state
longer likely to commit a sexually violent offense
Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors in order to obtain state authorization for a flood control project
Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors in order to obtain state authorization for a flood control project along the lower Los Angeles River
Los Angeles County Democratic Party (LACDP) considers and debates many bills submitted by legislators and organizations and have voted unanimously
Los Angeles Unified School District because it
LWIA boards are required to provide core and intensive employment
MCHA further
meaning more
measure limits LWIA boards' authority to best serve the needs of workers
members are proud
members do not support creating new crimes and augmenting punishment
message to livestock producers, consumers and the market that the nation's
MHSOAC states
million General Fund to the Department of Developmental Services to continue implementation of the Coordinated Family
minimum prison terms in 55% to 60% of all cases. Medium terms were
minus factors for that applicant, thus violating Article I
More broadly, AIC
Moreover, crime gun trace requests for long guns have almost tripled
Moreover, the imputation of "knowledge" regarding the existence, and duration, of restraining orders may be more lax in other
Multiple sources including press statements, Federal Register publications, and news stories
NARAL Pro-Choice California writes
National Alliance on Mental Illness California (NAMI-CA) also
nearly half of the DHLP loans and available funds were allocated
needs that emergency shelters may not be equipped or need
neither of which is enough
Nevada & Utah writing
next year
No monetary reserves were ever set aside for these historic
not cashed and that at least three years have passed since the check was
not fluent in English. Small facilities worry about the added costs of meeting the training requirements
not limit funds to be used to encourage the production of other alternative
Not only is it questionable policy to route California residents who call California agencies and departments to other
Notably, many other
Numerous animal welfare groups write
Numerous businesses and local chambers of commerce
numerous distillery businesses
Numerous insurers and business groups
of other "guaranteed-issue
of Support (sponsor) Coalition of Parent Support
of the firearm is going to use the device
offense against one or more persons, who has a diagnosed mental disorder
offers one important reform necessary to achieve a more just child
Ombudsmen often
On behalf of the California News Publishers' Association must respectfully
One of the sponsors of this measure, the American Civil Liberties Union of California
one or more One Stop Centers, which provide access to career information, counseling, funding for education, training and supportive services
One Stop Career Centers, which serve more than 161,000 universal access
One supporter, the Personal Insurance Federation of California (PIF)
Only after the state and any federal review is completed
only reward activity that would otherwise have been undertaken
operate in California
Opponents generally
Opponents, including drug manufacturers and the Chamber of Commerce
Opponents, including the California Chamber of Commerce
opportunity to succeed in life is high on the list of priorities for our
ordered an additional 25% to 28% of the time. Judges ordered maximum
organization's membership. For these reasons CWDA is pleased to be a CO
organizations, who
Osiris Ventures/NorCal Cannabis states it
our nation's disabled veterans and that we continue to adjust to the ever-changing times of technological advances and use them
Our primary concern with AB 110 is that it will prevent legitimate
Over 50,000 deaths from this disease occurred in the United
overarching goal of TRC is
owner, there is no need for an additional tax credit. Such credit would
Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E) respectfully
Page California Restaurant Association
Park, Merced, Palo Alto, Piedmont, Santa Barbara, Santa
participant to attend and complete training, such as subsidized child
particularly vulnerable to air pollution, and school districts continue to
Peace and Freedom Party of California's letter further
Per a national report, 19 other
perceived to be LGBT are also exceptionally vulnerable to violence
physicians may be more experienced with the ACOEM Guidelines
picture. The Chamber
potentially challenged as discriminatory on the basis of 'familial status
prime contractors normally receive bids from subcontractors just before a
prime contractors seeking the bid preference to obtain certification from
prison terms in only 12% to 17% of all cases
Probation departments and officers are highly skilled and trained professionals who balance accountability with rehabilitation to safely supervise those in the justice system and
program as the State treats other residential care facilities and will
program provides much-needed
promote consistency across the state for providers, without having each
property owners are already strongly incentivized to retrofit their
protects public health and reduces the likelihood of recidivism by ensuring people with medical care needs have immediate access to critical health
provide housing needs profile
provide urgent
provided for a jury trial to determine if a defendant is guilty or not
provides safeguards in capital cases
provision hurts Medi-Cal beneficiaries and is unlikely to be
punish child abuse according to the individual circumstances of the crime. Nothing in this proposed legislation indicates that making a new
punishing an end result that lacked intent is not likely to prevent such
purchase coverage, which they
purpose of AB 729 is very simple yet important - to ensure California feepayer money is transferred back and used
pursuant to information provided by 's office
ratings are down under the new system, but
reason for our
Reasons to
receiving uncompensated care as
Recent federal guidance on implementing 12-month post-pregnancy coverage encourages
reduce avoidable healthcare costs and
reform. They
Regarding changes to the PSD program, support
region. Under current law, these funds can be given as grants for the purchase of new, cleaner school buses. AB 470 would expand this to allow
registrations to implement clean air programs as specified
regularly have adjudicative business before the water boards who
reliable child care and housing
renewable fuels production unlike corn ethanol that diverts food to fuel
report additionally
Representative of the coalition, the California Family Council
Representative of this coalition, CalPride
representing hospitals
requires automotive repair dealers to disclose to a customer what parts
Research and common sense tell us that school meals are a critical source
revenue streams: adult, youth, and dislocated workers. Under federal law, 85% of adult and youth formula funds and 60% of dislocated worker formula
revenues to replace natural gas fuel tanks on school buses or replace
review the defendant's appeal and habeas corpus petition
RFK Plan, the sponsor
Right to Life League has an
SB 1138 establishes an objective capacity calculation and clarifies that jurisdictions must demonstrate that sites with existing uses ... can
SB 376 was sponsored by the Association of California Healthcare Districts
school buses with particulate traps. Because school children are
schools that receive minimal state
seek clemency from the Governor. Clearly California
Senate Judiciary analysis of the Act in 1985
seniors and groups advocating on behalf of low-income consumers
sensible hemp policy but does not
services, which are designed to help workers find employment quickly
several associations representing school districts
several environmental advocacy organizations
Several groups write
Several opponents, including the CalChamber, the California
several organizations
Several organizations write
several paper and plastic bag manufacturers and some local governments
Since 1912, propane has been used in the United
Since the advent of the program, 45,539 offenders have been referred to
small gun retailers out of business, resulting in job loss and decreasing
some of the features of Proposition 79, was held by the author
Southern California utility companies writing in support of the bill
Sponsor Children's Law Center of California and several other organizations
sponsor of the bill, The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children
sponsor, the Consumer Attorneys of California (CAOC)
staff notes it may not be the most appropriate funding source
State Building and Construction Trades Council of California and supported by other labor organizations
State Building and Construction Trades Council of California and supported by other labor organizations and contractor organizations
state habeas corpus claims. If state relief is denied, the condemned inmate may seek habeas corpus review in the federal courts. In addition, the U.S. Supreme Court may
state has invested $890 million in grant funding
state of the data is incomplete, or fails to properly measure the relevant time frames. They
states: "[This legislation] would have serious unintentional consequences and could result in the elimination of services and closure of various
strongly that the law should be applied fairly to all people and that all drug violators should have the same opportunity
Superior Court of Los Angeles County (Court) has a
Support for unions is high among young people - 74
Supporters further
Supporters offer a number of arguments in support of the bill. Fundamentally, they
Supporters should
survey revealed that most voters
SVP as a person who has been convicted of a specified sexually violent
Terner Center for Housing Innovation at UC Berkeley also writes
that AB 12 is properly implemented and that the affected youth have an
that at least three years have passed since the check was issued
that faculty should receive adequate compensation and benefits
that makes the person a danger to the health or safety of others. When
that they are in "strong
that without adequate funding, addressing the goals expressed in this
the act were intentional. This does not make sense
The CA District Attorneys Association states, "Such a
The California Association of Health Facilities (CAHF) writes that it
The California Coalition for Youth writes that about "80,000
The California Commission on Aging, a co-sponsor with the California Elder Justice Coalition
the California Supreme Court, which also considers any
The Coalition of Adequate School Housing (C.A.S.H.) opposes
The Community College League of California, while agreeing
The Controller, the bill's sponsor, states since uncovering
The County Welfare Directors Association (CWDA) writes that "[e]nsuring
the financial problems of the City of Bell and County of Modoc, his
the form of higher premiums
the market if the federal mandate is struck down. They indicate studies
The opposition further
the Senate Health Committee. AB 75 (Frommer and Chan), with
the truth. The DEJ law was written by prosecutors, and enacted as part of Proposition 21 (The Gang Violence and Juvenile Crime Prevention Act) in
their subcontractors prior to submitting their bid. The problem is that
There is currently no prior authorization needed for accessing MAT for Medi-Cal beneficiaries, and seventeen
there is currently no statutory requirement that SELPAs be consulted in determining actions needed
There is no state-level program dedicated to providing financial or technical resources
thereby encouraging use of bicycles
These lists are likely incomplete as the bill was gut and amended on 6/20/16, not giving stakeholders a sufficient opportunity to review
These practices also
These practices make enforcement more time-intensive, limit workers' ability to prove their
these reductions are a problem. They
These services consist of job search/placement, workplace counseling, skills assessment, and individual career counseling, and case management
These services will
These statistics not only
These voluntary contributions
they are proud
they may receive better outcomes if they had more opportunities to
they will face a financial penalty. However, when consumers learn about
They would continue
They write the following
Though administrative practice may soon include nonbinary options, ACLU
three-year discovery period permits survivors who have repressed memories to file
thus increasing the reporting of sexual assaults and fostering an environment
thus reducing the necessity for many part-time CCC faculty to commute to multiple campuses in order to assemble a sufficient teaching schedule that
thus we
time when we are struggling to pay for basic services
to a health plan's entire population even though many eligible
To combat this crisis, CSAM
to control the spread of AIDS and hepatitis C, and continue to
to provide funding for financial and technical assistance
to take time
tools available to corrections officials to prevent sexual assault is the use of appropriate prisoner classification and housing protocols. While
trafficking channels and disarm prohibited persons, such as criminals or
training (also known as incumbent worker training). Training funds are
transfers, allowance for adult adoptions of nonminor dependents, their
Tribes and local governments are important decision-makers in offshore wind development that need further capacity
Tyndall a small window to file their civil sexual assault
UC also
UC further
unable to reverify at the time of this writing
Unfortunately, the reality of continued rising employer costs has made competing with other
United Food and Commercial Workers Western States Council (UFCW) writes that it
University must respectfully
Unlike existing law, which only focuses on registration, AB 1411 also
Unlike other
USOPC wrote to to express their
vaccination and
variety of discretionary uses
Various organizations are
Wade is overturned, as many legal and health experts now anticipate, 26
We are
we are compelled
we are not
we are writing to express our
We believe it is our duty to continue
We certainly
we continue to urge amendments to the bill that ensure counties are fully reimbursed for costs and incorporate more robust statutory and technical assistance
We do not
We have no objection to that proposal and would express
we might be unable to generate carbon offset revenue that would
we must extend
we need
we remain
we respectfully urge your
We the undersigned are writing
We therefore
We urge your
We wholeheartedly
we will continue
we write
We write in strong
We] wish to indicate our strong
were at their height, and thus do not form the basis of a fair
When individuals who purchase weapons from out-of-state or have been identified in other
where the standard of proof does not justify the increase in punishment
which can
which enjoyed bipartisan
which has an
which writes
While a minor or nonminor dependent is eligible for certain services and
While CCEEB
while continuing to make the necessary reforms to achieve a more just child
While ERPA is the primary operating account of the CEC, because of the ongoing structural deficit within ERPA, staff
While the bill
While the worker co-op model has been successful globally and in smaller operations in the United
While we appreciate and
who are
who break the law should pay the penalty, we
will an execution date be set. At that point the inmate can
will be used to repair the customer's vehicle, at the time of the written
will lose their homes to pay for the care they received while on Medi
will make it more difficult to prosecute offenders, especially those who
will not only
Wine is not included in the measure, and
Wine is not included in the measure, and the author
with an
With regard to IPDMR, DHCS wrote that it is currently developing the Medi-Cal Rx complaints and grievances policy to enhance beneficiary protections, and DHCS
With the exception of death penalty cases, California has always
Without better information about sources of PFAS
WOEIP is proud
Women in the United
write in strong
writes, "Adherence to the Social Contract is what
Writing in an
Writing in support of the bill, the California Cattlemen's
Writing in support, SMUD
Writing in support, the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors
Yet, California is spending millions of dollars of taxpayer funds to create jobs in other
(2) establish a funding deduction schedule for districts failing to
(According to Senate Transportation Committee
(According to the 4/27/05, Senate Health Committee analysis, unable to verify at time of this writing.)
(According to the author's office recent amendments may have removed
(According to the author's office, the latest amendments may remove some of
(As listed in the Senate Energy, Utilities and Communications
(as listed on the Assembly Arts, Entertainment, Sports, Tourism and Internet
(as listed on the Assembly Arts, Entertainment, Sports, Tourism and Internet Media Committee analysis for AB 450)
(As of policy committee
(Leno) Justice Coalition
(Lieber) PageB Research Association of California
(Liu) Painting, Inc
(Maze) PageB Parents Association
(Morrow & Polanco) Police Officers Association
(Morrow) Church
(Morrow) PageB Resource Center
(Morrow) Valley Neighborhood Legal Services
(Murray) Advocates
(Nation) Project
(NOTE: it is not clear if this opposition remains after the most recent version of the bill): North Coast Builders Exchange, Inc
(opposition received to prior version of bill) ACLU of California
(Opposition received was to earlier versions of the bill. It is not known if these entities are still opposed to SB 964 as amended May 2.) Andrew Pasmant, City Manager
(Opposition reflects positions taken on the bill prior to the latest amendments) County of Contra Costa
(Opposition to prior version) City of Adelanto
(Original Version) California Association of HMOs, Inc
0.10 as well as to the offender with a history of alcohol addiction who
000 account for $231
000 account for $438
000 emergency room visits due to opioid overdoses. (d) According to a 2018 University of Southern California study
000 for each 30-day prescription. CAHP and ACLHIC
000 or with net losses...Often
000 overdose deaths due to opioids alone
000 per ward
000 Radiologic Technologists in California
000 to $125
000 volunteers and over 800 employees. The sponsor also notes New Jersey
000) for each violation of this chapter. Additionally
000. (4) A county counsel of a county within which any city has a population greater than 750
000. (5) A city prosecutor in a city that has a full-time city prosecutor
000. The four stale-dated warrants over $10
057 projects
082.) For these two claims only
1 million home would pay the same parcel tax amount as a homeowner of modest means with a modest residence. The California Taxpayers
1) An annual open enrollment period for children to seek and gain coverage
1) City of South Lake Tahoe
1) Conformation with current regulations: The author may wish to consider
1) Fresno and Madera Counties
1) is too The Judicial Council
1) North Tahoe Public Utility District
1) Philip Randolph Institute
1) Remove the prohibition against health plan contract language granting the plan "discretionary authority" to determine eligibility for benefits or coverage, as DMHC
1) Require charter school petitioners to meet additional school petition requirements
1) TCH concentration does not measure impairment
1) tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (300 mg) with emtricitabine (200 mg) once daily plus raltegravir 400 mg twice daily or dolutegravir 50 mg daily
1) The number of animals originating in a shelter's jurisdiction that are refused admission and the reasons for turning them away
1) Why does the hospital authority need the power to issue revenue bonds without voter approval
1)California Labor Federation
1)Privacy Considerations: Is DNA Similar To a Fingerprint
1)Suggested amendment . Limit the time period that DNA samples
1)The Legislative Analyst's Office (LAO) recommends deleting the proposed equalization funding in the January budget because of the state's fiscal situation and
1)The Santa Barbara County Taxpayers Association
1,297 claim for travel expenses that were not processed properly due to
1,700. Those who are left in the system are, for the most part, hardcore
1-2, every year for ages 2-4, every two years for ages
1-bromopropane." shall not be allowed as substitutes for those substances
1. Low- and very low-income housing standards
1. Restrict the ability of a school district to withdraw from a joint
1. Sunset Extension for Board of Guide Dogs for the Blind
1.3 billion of free financial support to the CEA beyond what they agreed
1.Hepatitis A does not cause significant mortality in
1.The branch of DHS that handles Medi-Cal issues
10 percent of the persons served by the public water system, whichever is
10,000 reports involving domestic violence in 2011. These victims of domestic violence, under current law, would be eligible for a protective
10-year period in an amount and in a manner to support investment in, and to test the durability of, the photovoltaic solar energy system installed
100 primary care clinicians. CANP writes this shortage is especially acute in rural and underserved areas
100+ letters from members of the Mystery Shopping Providers Association
100,000 to be handed out without any oversight. Competitive
100,000, the lack of exceptions that are included in similar statutes, and the lack of a grandfather clause allowing continuation and renewal of existing contracts. The Council
100. Proposition 103 allows public interest groups to be
10086 (a ) (3). It appears that this language, which
1010: the reduction of penalties for drug traffickers dealing in cocaine base
1026. No other letters of support have been received on
103's stated purpose to "ensure that insurance is fair, available and affordable
106 have a trial pending, and 159 have been
106 years without these enhanced benefits and should continue to do so
10] Newell ML, Coovadia H, Cortina-Borja M, Rollins N, Gaillard P, et al. (2004) Mortality of infected and uninfected infants born to HIV-infected
10X /2003 (AB 28X) made the program inoperable as of July
11 days before hearing
11)In addition to TSCA, the opposition also feels that adequate
112 requires MRMIB to use the state fiscal
1184 is too broad and casts too wide a net. One such consequence could
1191 (Wiggins) today. While SB 64 and AB 81 generally
12)The solvents industry feels that the selected chlorinated
120-day supply in a six-month period
12071. DOJ can accomplish the same objective as its stated
13)The opposition also thinks that the author has not considered
13, only about 60,000 (2.6%) of the system's 2.3 million students had
1335, and the committee might wish to consider whether this is precisely
1341 makes it possible for charities that ultimately comply with the filing requirement to continue to meet community needs without having to
1399... Medical parole allows for inmates to remain on parole and under
16-year-old old Brian Banks was charged with forcible rape
1602 struck an appropriate balance by allowing insurers to market non
1607 will promote public safety and help to prevent future victimization
1620, arguing in part that it is premature until the impact of the hiring
1626 gunshot victims and of those 1050 were gang-related incidents
1655 would, "...place into law new employee rights and other provisions
166,000 jobs. They
169 would leave gun owners who lawfully purchased a handgun that
17) "At a minimum, substances with available scientific data
1756 makes the record sealing process more affordable for one of California's most vulnerable populations - its youth. This fee, as
1785.25 of the Civil Code if more than 30 days after receiving receives
180. The nine stale-dated warrant claims over $10
1819, argues the bill ensures that employees of California's charter
1840 (Jerome Horton), which requires DHS and MRMIB to prepare
185 last year, had long followed the practice of hiring its
194 claims average $1,062
1950 (Figueroa), Chapter 1085, Statutes of 2002, requires the appointment of an independent Enforcement Monitor to evaluate and recommend changes to the MBC's physician discipline
1976 era, with cars that are "restored, highly maintained, and driven
1991 gang-related drive-by shooting, Carillo served almost 19 years in
1992) and SB 1969 (Hughes, Chapter 1178, Statutes of 1994) which
1992-1994 = Arbitration type was Final Offer Package
1995-96 through 2005-06. However, audits by the California State Auditor and State Controller found that large parts of local governments' claims
1995. American Planning Association
1995. Xerox
1996. Norcal Waste Systems
1996. Of the cases that contained permanent disability
1997 have decreased significantly. They attribute this
1997: Board of Governors
1997: Board of Trustees
1998, enacted timelines, penalties and notification
1998: American Farmland Trust
1998: American Institute of Architects
1998: Department of Fish & Game
1998: Service Employees International Union
1999, the Commission on State Mandates found that those requirements of POBAR which exceed rights provided all public employees under the due
1999-2000, schools employed almost 529,000 professional and support personnel and spent $38 billion from federal, state, and local revenue sources. This includes all
1999-2000, the health and mental health programs in
1999: Associated Builders and Contractors
1999: SB 266 (Chesbro) continued California Builders Exchanges
1] "ELDER JUSTICE: National Strategy Needed to Effectively Combat Elder
1] Because the vast majority of NEM generators and NEM generation is
1] Drilling California: A Reality Check on the Monterey Shale by J. David
1] Nutrition and Physical Activity Environments in Licensed Child Care: A
1] On June 29, 2005, the California Supreme Court, without comment, let
1] Pupils in special education (IEP or Section 504) have been exempted
1] Solyndra filed for bankruptcy on September 6, 2011. The company
1] The vehicle may, however, be subsequently repaired and re-registered
2 million California children lived in families with incomes below the federal poverty line in 2009. The proponents cite research findings
2 million for these purposes
2 of the analysis summary, attempt to address opposition concerns
2) An effective date of coverage that applies a certain number of days (for
2) Clarifying amendment: The author may wish to consider clarifying that
2) Eliminate the State Board of Education in the charter school appeals process
2) has language applying to services "currently or customarily" performed by trial court employees that is vague and could impact existing contracts when they come up for renewal or extension
2) Should the report be due earlier? As currently drafted, the evaluation
2) that the defendant reimburse the victim for reasonable costs of counseling and other reasonable expenses that the court finds are the direct result of the defendant's offense
2) the HPD Program advisory committee should decide how best to implement the submission of personal health information
2) The number of cats released through community cat programs
2) there is currently no practical way to test for the THC level of a driver when he or she is pulled over by law enforcement
2) there is no funding mechanism for the regulatory authority granted to the CGCC
2)Proposed amendments add claims approved by the board for May and June. The bill in print reflects claims approved by the board from January through April
2. ACLHIC also proposes inserting a delayed effective date
2. Lower income housing cannot be dispersed
2. Require ROCP funding to be used to provide a sequence of courses and meet specific statutory requirements
2."Mounting evidence supports that vaccination is leading
2.County health departments also conduct outreach for the Medi-Cal program. Their budget for FY 1999-00 is $17
20 employees to extend coverage for 110 percent of the employer's premium level
20-year Regional Transportation Plan and periodic
2003: Impact Distribution
2003: Southern Wine and Spirits of California
2004: Capitol Area Development Authority
2004: Impact Distribution
2005: Archdiocese of Sacramento Military Department
2005: COPIA - The American Center for Wine
2006) Western Center on Law & Poverty (as amended April 6
2007 version) Department of Finance (March 19
2007 version) Orange County Local Agency Formation Commission (February 22
2007: American Cancer Society
2007: American Federation of State
2007: Diageo
2008, the US Governmental Accountability Office found the median income
2009 version) California Credit Union League (April 2
2009 version) California New Car Dealers Association (CNCDA) (April 2
2009 version) Civil Justice Association of California (CJAC) (April 2
2009: California State Firefighters' Association
2009: Center for Public Interest Law
2009: Daly City
2012: International Organization of Masters
2012: Wine and Spirits Wholesalers
2013: American Federation of State
2013: California Thoroughbred Breeders Association
2014 the Los Angeles District Attorney's Office conceded the merits of the petition and on November 21
2014: Advanced Industrial Services
2014: American Federation of State
2015, generating approximately $8 million dollars for the local economy
2016. "...The purpose of the registry is to ensure that individuals who provide home care services have satisfied a background ground check
2017) which is based on the EPA action level of 15 parts per billion. "Lead free" is defined in the drinking water law at Health and Safety Code Section 116875(e)
2017. This plan also involves a monitoring and compliance program to ensure contractors are complying with UC policies and all federal
2021 Budget Act provides $10 million on a one-time basis for the Chancellor's Office to allocate to a community college district to establish a workgroup that
2021. This does not preclude the applicants from starting the process of applying prior to this date. Alternatively
2022 Budget Act includes $150 million in one-time Proposition 98 General Fund
2022 Budget Act includes ongoing resources for CalREDIE and CCRS
2022) establishes a gap coverage and uncompensated care program to provide for those Californians lacking coverage for abortion and abortion-related care
2022) establishes a reproductive health pilot project in Los Angeles County to support innovative approaches and patient centered collaborations to safeguard patient access to abortions
2022) establishes a web page for centralized information on services and support for those seeking abortion care
2022) establishes a working group with specified membership to examine the root causes of the reproductive health & sexual health inequities in California
2023 Budget authorizes the DOF to augment the Department of Health Care Service's OSF appropriation
2023 Budget includes $30 million OSF for the CalRx Naloxone Access Initiative
2024. Also creates the California Reproductive Justice & Freedom Fund to support community-based organizations to provide medically accurate
2028. The coalition writes the bill risks losing at least $150 million per year for childcare
2031 would insure that the affected boards have appropriate input from
2034 will encourage development of solar renewable energy projects in California. The sponsor
209 should be interpreted to allow UC and CSU to consider race and other
2126, arguing it runs contrary to the central premise of the MMBA - that
2140. The Council acknowledges problems with the current
227, the state's point of entry program, and the federal
282 have a trial pending, and 591 have been committed to
3 million General Fund in the budget year by allowing the number of awards to be reduced from the 3,000 currently
3) CAMTC is a non-profit organization established by statute in 2009 that
3) CDFA Concerns. CDFA
3) Concerns. In their joint supportletter, the California
3) Concerns. The Assembly Public Safety Committee analysis raises a series
3) Concerns. The California State Association of Counties, the Urban
3) CSU expresses concerns similar to UC, and also
3) In response, the Assembly Judiciary Committee's analysis
3) Is This A Significant Problem? In June of 2010, the Los Angeles Times
3) Opponents, including the Outdoor Sportsmen's Coalition of California (OSCC) and Safari Club International (SCI)
3) The California Tax Service Center (CTSC) Website. A few years later, a
3)Concerns . According to the California Hospital Association, "Medicare rates are inadequate even for Medicare
3)Concerns . The San Francisco City Attorney raised concerns
3)Concerns . The San Francisco City Attorney's Office has raised
3)Existing Policy on Reorganization . Current LACCD policies
3)Review Recommended . The Office of Ratepayer Advocates (ORA), within the PUC, recently released a report critical of the CHCF-B, noting that the program has not been reviewed PUC
3)Suggested amendment . CACJ also recommends deleting the provision specifying that the possession of fraudulent proof
3. ACLHIC is fundamentally opposed to the fee structure
30 or 45 days. Health Net additionally opposed the prohibition on recouping interest payments from medical
34% had to reduce physician and staff salaries and 11% had to close their practices temporarily. CMA states the number of practices forced to permanently shut down is still unknown
342 California families received disaster assistance following local disasters in 2012. They report that California has 32 chapters within our state
350% of the federal poverty level, and the benchmark prices
4) A Privately-Funded State Commission? Given the duties of the new
4) Affordable Care Act. The ACA, passed in March 2010, requires most
4) Author's Response to Opposition. In response to the opposition, the author
4) Clarification needed. In amending the Donahoe Higher Education Act, the bill's requirements on UC are inconsistent with this Act, whose
4) Collection issues. BOE notes ammunition retailers already collect and remit sales and use tax on their retail ammunition sales in California
4) Concerns. Currently CDCR generally notifies law enforcement in the county of the parolee's commitment, as current law generally requires an
4) Concerns. The County Behavioral Health Directors Association (CBHDA)
4) Concerns. The League of California Cities
4) Concerns. Western Center on Law & Poverty and the California Rural
4) Constitutional requirements. Proposition 26 (2010) amended Article
4) Cost-Benefit of Including Community Colleges is Questionable. The proposed data requirements seem excessive for a segment that has very few
4) Do current regulations violate California statute? Because the MBC
4) In support, the Structural Engineers Association of California
4) Income Tax Deductions. Existing federal and state laws allow
4) Increased Security Risk. Providing confidential taxpayer information to
4) Judicial Discretion authorizes a strike to be stricken. The CA
4) Legislative Analyst's Office (LAO) Analysis and Recommendation. In its
4) Limiting the scope of the bill? This measure was heard in the Assembly
4) Opponents include the League of California Cities and several contractor
4) Opponents, including animal rights and antihunting groups
4) Opposition includes The Peace Chiefs Association, the Sheriffs
4) Opposition to moving condemned inmates out of San Quentin generally
4) Parcel Tax. A parcel tax is a flat fee imposed by a city, county, or
4) PLA Prohibitions in Charter Cities. The City of Oceanside adopted a
4) Political Reform Act: In 1974, California voters passed Proposition 9, commonly known as the PRA, which created the FPPC and codified
4) Possible reinstatement of state program via the budget. Assembly Budget
4) Recent amendment. and groups previously in opposition have
4) Recommended Amendment. Require IT vendors to certify with the public
4) Remove the prohibition on plans limiting services to short-term/acute treatments
4) San Francisco Animal Control-Suggested Amendment. The Director of Animal
4) Similar licensing programs. Currently, Utah and Virginia offer two
4) Suggested Amendment. The author may wish to limit the counties
4) Tax Credit vs. Direct Subsidy. Several scholars have suggested that
4) Technical amendment. The reference in Section 6 to (b): should be to (a)
4) The author may wish to consider establishing a uniform five-year
4) the bill authorizes "remote live caller bingo" which is currently not used anywhere in California
4) The Board has yet to take a position on this proposal
4) The BSA is a private, not-for-profit organization dedicated to
4) The current state prison population exceeds 170,000, in space designed
4) The DMH Sex Offender Commitment Program, which began in 1996, defines an
4) The number of animals delayed sheltering through "managed admissions" who then fail to show up for their appointments
4) The one-time federally-funded Cal-YOR program under BSCC funded nine
4) The remaining claims of $10,000 or more
4) The Unclaimed Property Law (UPL), enacted in 1958, establishes
4) There is no opposition to the bill
4) USPS Citizens Stamp Advisory Committee process: The USPS Citizens Stamp
4) What are "locally produced perishable goods"? This provision, the crux
4)CAA states the hearing aid test is not to be confused with the hearing evaluation performed by an audiologist. It notes the hearing aid dispenser's scope of practice expressly prohibits
4)Can charter school employees organize? Because charter
4)Concerns . DDS staff have expressed concerns with the process
4)Concerns . The California Healthcare Institute (CHI) expresses
4)Employment Issue . L.A. County, prior to the enactment of AB
4-6, and every 3 years for those children over 6. The sponsors
40 Affiliates of Dolly Parton's Imagination
413,340, 47, 18, 45, 11, 639, 551, 40, 332, 6, 595, 100, 180, 234, 1245, 440, 441, 569, Orange County Electrical Training
42 percent of California's imports come directly from the Amazon Rainforest in Ecuador
43% of the proceeds from the game go the charity will provide California
466. However, I would consider subsequent
48 states and the District of Columbia." AASCB continues, "AB 1486 closely
5 and 7 regional DASP organizations statewide. For more specific
5) Application of the Bill. Because BSA's IRS exemption affects both it and its subsidiary units down to its district councils, those entities
5) Charter schools ability to obtain school facilities. According to the Legislative Analyst's Office, there are various state and federal
5) Concerns. The Consumer Attorneys of California are concerned with the consequences of misuse of the proposed exemption. They note elderly
5) Contingency Fee: According to the FTB, only 102 of the 478 incorporated
5) DOJ's Armed Prohibited Persons System (APPS) is an online database that
5) DOJ's Prohibited Armed Persons File was created in 2001 (SB 950, Brulte)
5) Nonmedical personnel administering insulin to pupils. In October 2005, four elementary school students, along with the American Diabetes
5.Opposition . The California Catholic Conference is opposed to
500 impacts California enterprise by creating unpredictable processes, increasing liability, and imposing additional administrative burdens on
50:50 split in federal DSH payments between public and private
516. For stale-dated warrant claims
54% of physicians modify pain prescriptions based on concerns
55 or older is not necessary in light of federal law, which
570) and a Franchise Tax Board (FTB) refund of funds taken from an escrow account as a result of a tax lien
570) and an FTB refund of funds taken from an escrow account as a result of a tax lien
5] National Braille Press. http://www.nbp.org/ic/nbp/braille/needforbraille.html
5] The CPUC's Energy Division estimates that the RPS has increased
5] Transcript, Joint Oversight Hearing of the Senate and Assembly
6) Arguments in opposition. The opponents (the California Bankers
6) Concerns. California State Association of Counties
6) Opposed, seeking amendments. California Advocates for Nursing Home
617 was intended to apply only to the most costly regulations. This
619 still places the HSRA in the position of having to take into
627 days in prison and is eligible for $162
65% of practices had to reduce physician and staff hours
650,000 special education students in our state, the majority of which have the ability to pass the CAHSEE
66 percent of the drug overdose deaths in the United States involve an opioid. (c) In 2016
685 million has been allocated for the FARMER program and $347.6 million has been awarded
7% of the claims are in two categories
7) BOE Staff Concerns. BOE staff indicates numerous implementation
7) Concerns. Health plans and insurers have a number of concerns, including implementation timeline and ensuring providers are held
7) Explicitly allow plans to use other guidelines and products in utilization review
7) Generally task forces are placed under the administration of a department
7) Identical legislation, AB 918 (Block) was held on this committee's
7) Oppose Unless Amended. The California Association of Health Plans and the Association of California Life and Health Insurance Companies request the following amendments
7) Opposition from law enforcement appears to have been largely muted by
7) Previous Legislation
7) Previous legislation. AB 1718 (Blumenfield), introduced in the 2009-10
7) Previous legislation. SB 1641 (Alarcón, 2004) died in the Senate Local
7) Second and third-strikers in state prison as of September, 2011 (CDCR figures): [pic
7.5 % of the platelets produced in 1999 by BCC and HemaCare, BCC refutes the argument that a shortage of platelets will
700 (GF) - for the wrongful incarceration case of Robert Cuevas. Cuevas meets the statutory requirements to receive compensation under Penal Code Section 4900 because he proved
700 - is for the wrongful incarceration case of Robert Cuevas. Cuevas meets the statutory requirements to receive compensation under Penal Code section 4900 because he proved
700 - is for the wrongful incarceration case of Robert Cuevas. Mr. Cuevas meets the statutory requirements to receive compensation under Penal Code Section 4900 because he proved
728 local disaster incidents in California during 2012. A total of 6
75% of farms operate with net cash farm income gains under $25
765 per parcel, with terms as short as two years, and some being permanent
788 from the United States Department of Justice, the Department emphasized that there is no verification
79% of HSP incentive dollars went to conventional farms while organic operations received 17%. Farms that implement multiple healthy soils practices
8) Numerous efforts to change the three strikes law have failed
8. Adopt a housing element that is in
824 annually to combat illegal dumping. Beyond financing the clean-up
8] "Medi-Cal Manual for Intensive Care Coordination (ICC), Intensive Home
8] Identification and Care of HIV-Exposed and HIV-Infected Infants, Children and Adolescents in Foster Care. American Academy of Pediatrics, Committee on Pediatric AIDS. Pediatrics 2000
8] Santa Clara County Superior Court of California. Standing Order re
9. Allows any party to challenge the completeness and accuracy of a self
90,688. The average claim is $2,340
900 million for mental health funding
900 number or visiting designated law enforcement agencies. In 2003 DOJ
922 intends to make clear that non-union contractors can be awarded
98 funding for instructional materials
9] Health Care of Young Children in Foster Care. Committee on Early
a $0.50 increase may sound minimal in theory
a 10‐year extension is eminently reasonable. And as previously mentioned
a 17 year-old would be 42 years old before becoming qualified for a hearing
a 17 year-old would be 42 years old before becoming qualified for a hearing." In support
A 1986 California Appeal Court ruled in Planned Parenthood Affiliates v
a 2013 University of California at Los Angeles Labor Center report
A 2020 poll showed that 66% of all Californians
a 28% federal tax rate, the deduction will result in $28 from the federal government
A Board may not be better but we know that the BPPE has recently been
a broad application of a protected classification will essentially
A broad array of health and consumer advocacy groups
a broad coalition
a broad coalition of advocacy organizations and individuals
a broad coalition of business associations
a broad coalition of climate and environmental organizations
a broad coalition of environmental organizations
A broad coalition of firefighters, environmental and consumer
A broad coalition of housing advocates and public interest legal services organizations
a broad coalition of immigrants' rights advocates
a broad coalition of labor organizations
A broad coalition of law enforcement
a broad coalition of medical groups
A broad coalition of mostly public employers
A broad coalition of nursing groups
a broad coalition of organizations-including housing advocates
a broad coalition of racial
a broad coalition of ratepayer
a broad coalition of workers' rights advocates and labor unions
a broad range of civil rights and labor organizations
a California high school for at least three years and have graduated
a cannabis delivery technology platform) and veteran's cannabis advocacy organizations
a carrier cannot obtain numbers unless they have utilized 75
a carrier that does not. Another carrier may provide
a case-by-case basis and encourage open, but ethical, communications between the IT suppliers and contracting
a certain age, the professional can make a judgment whether a minor is
a certain relationship with the victim or have themselves been in harm's
a child
A citizen's right to vote also comes with certain responsibilities, particularly to ensure that his or her ballot is submitted on time
A citizen's right to vote also comes with certain responsibilities, particularly to ensure that his or her ballot is submitted on time. Many
a city or district to extend services
a Co-sponsor
A co-sponsor, the California District Attorneys Association
a coalition called Connecting for Better Health
A coalition expressing an "oppose," position, including the California Rangeland Trust, the California Farmland Trust, the California Climate and Agriculture Network and others
a coalition including the American Legion Department of California
A coalition industry that would be affected by the bill
A coalition letter
A coalition letter submitted by the American Civil Liberties Union of California, Western Center on Law & Poverty, and Disability Rights California
A coalition letter submitted by the opponents of the measure
a coalition of advocates for veterans
A coalition of advocates including the Children′s Law Center of California writes
a coalition of affinity organizations
a coalition of affordable housing advocates and developers
A coalition of agricultural associations, including the Western Growers Association
A coalition of agricultural groups, led by the Wine Institute of California
A coalition of agricultural interests, including the Western
a coalition of agricultural organizations
a coalition of agricultural organizations state: California's farmers and ranchers provide habitat for wildlife throughout the state. Unfortunately
A coalition of anti-transgender advocates
A coalition of apartment and property owners associations
A coalition of auction companies
a coalition of auto manufacturers
A coalition of building industry and wood product manufacturer organizations
a coalition of business advocates
A coalition of business and agricultural associations
a coalition of business and agricultural groups
A coalition of business and employer organizations, including the California Chamber of Commerce, is in opposition and
A coalition of business and technology industry associations
a coalition of business and tort reform advocates including the California Chamber of Commerce
a coalition of business and tort reform advocates who
A coalition of business groups
a coalition of business groups
A coalition of business groups led by CalChamber
a coalition of business groups led by the Glass Packaging Institute
A coalition of business groups, such as CompTIA, CalChamber, and TechNet
A coalition of business interests including the chemical and upholstered furniture industries
A coalition of business organizations
A coalition of business organizations, including the California Chamber of Commerce and the Western
A coalition of business organizations, including the California Chamber of Commerce, is opposed and
A coalition of business, construction, manufacturing and other regulated entities are concerned the bill will incentivize the imposition of fines and penalties at the expense of due process, rather
A coalition of businesses in the debt collection industry and business trade associations
A coalition of businesses led by CalChamber writes
A coalition of California Native American tribes and wildlife agencies
A coalition of California Native American tribes and wildlife organizations write
A coalition of cardrooms writes in "On behalf of Hawaiian Gardens Casino
A coalition of children's and environmental advocates
a coalition of cities
A coalition of civil rights groups and disability advocates writes that they are
A coalition of civil rights organizations, including ACLU California Action, Disability Rights California, the National Organization for Women and others, opposed
A coalition of civil rights organizations, including ACLU California Action, Disability Rights California, the National Organization for Women and others, opposed unless amended
A coalition of civil, minority, and immigrant rights organizations including the Anti-Defamation League, Common Sense, and the California League of United Latin American Citizens
a coalition of clean energy
A coalition of clean vehicle and infrastructure technology companies and stakeholders
A coalition of community and consumer organizations is
A Coalition of Companies (Acxiom
A coalition of conservation and environmental justice organizations
A coalition of conservation and environmental organizations write with a
a coalition of consumer advocates
A coalition of consumer advocates and interest groups
A coalition of consumer and privacy groups including ACLU, Electronic Frontier Foundation, Common Sense Kids Action, Consumer Federation, Privacy Rights Clearinghouse, among others
a coalition of consumer groups
a coalition of consumer groups who worry that without a corresponding increase in discovery limits and reworked fee provisions the expansion of limited civil jurisdiction will undermine litigants
A coalition of contractor and business organizations, including the Associated General Contractors, is opposed and
a coalition of criminal justice reform advocates
a coalition of criminal justice reform and legal organizations
a coalition of digital equity advocates
a coalition of donor advised fund sponsors who raise two primary concerns
A coalition of dozens of supporters, including environmental, environmental justice, and public health organizations
A coalition of education management groups
a coalition of electric vehicle advocates
A coalition of employer associations, including the Western Growers Association, is opposed and
a coalition of employer groups led by the California Chamber of Commerce
A coalition of employer groups, including the California Chamber of Commerce, is opposedand
A coalition of employer organizations are
A coalition of employer organizations including the California Chamber of Commerce
A coalition of employer organizations, including the California Farm Bureau, is opposed and
A coalition of employers including the California Chamber of Commerce
A coalition of employers, including the California Chamber
A coalition of employers, including the California Chamber of Commerce
A coalition of employers, including the California Chamber of Commerce, is opposedand
a coalition of employment rights advocacy organizations
a coalition of energy developers
a coalition of energy developers and Environment California
A coalition of entities
a coalition of environmental
A coalition of environmental advocacy organizations
A coalition of environmental and community justice groups
A coalition of environmental and community water organizations
a coalition of environmental and conservation groups state: California water managers can no longer afford to treat these extreme weather patterns as temporary or "emergency" events. Rather
a coalition of environmental and environmental justice organizations
A coalition of environmental and environmental justice organizations have an
A coalition of environmental and recreational groups write
A coalition of environmental and waste management organizations
A coalition of environmental groups
A coalition of environmental groups raise a number of concerns about the policy direction the bill sets, asserting the bill
A coalition of environmental groups write in strong
A coalition of environmental groups writes
A coalition of environmental groups writes that capacity building and technical
a coalition of environmental justice and environmental organizations state: In 2018
A coalition of environmental justice organizations including Clean Water Action and Community Water Center
A coalition of environmental justice organizations write
A coalition of environmental organizations are
A coalition of environmental, labor, public health and environmental justice organizations
a coalition of farmers and food organizations state: In California
A coalition of financial services trade associations and other business groups, such as the California Bankers Association and the Silicon Valley Leadership Group
a coalition of First Amendment advocates
A coalition of groups forming the California Home Building Alliance (HBA)
A coalition of groups representing business interests consisting of CalTax, Civil Justice Association of California, Internet Association, Silicon Valley Leadership Group, and TechNet
A coalition of groups representing business interests including CalChamber, TechNet, Internet Association, and Civil Justice Association
A coalition of groups representing business interests including Greater Riverside and Greater Stockton Chambers of Commerce, Valley Industry & Commerce Association, and Latin Business Association
A coalition of homelessness advocacy and civil rights organizations, including the Western Center on Law and Poverty, Housing California, and ACLU California Action
A coalition of housing advocates and housing developers are
A coalition of housing and public transportation advocacy organizations, including Streets for All
A coalition of industry associations
A coalition of industry associations including CalChamber
A coalition of industry associations including California Retailers Association, California Restaurant Association, and California Chamber of Commerce
a coalition of industry associations that use large quantities of natural gas
A coalition of industry groups including TechNet, CalChamber, the California Newspaper Publishers Association, and the Association of Magazine Media
A coalition of industry of business advocacy groups consisting of TechNet, Internet Association, CalChamber, Consumer Technology Association, and Civil Justice Association of California
A coalition of industry opponents, including Computer & Communications Industry Association, California Chamber of Commerce, and TechNet
A coalition of industry opponents, led by California Chamber of Commerce
A coalition of industry opponents, led by California Chamber of Commerce, writing in opposition to an earlier version of the bill
A coalition of industry opponents, led by the Chamber of Commerce
a coalition of industry representatives
A coalition of industry representatives and associations
A coalition of industry stakeholders
A coalition of industry trade groups comprised TechNet, California Chamber of Commerce, Entertainment Software Association, and California Manufacturers & Technology Association
A coalition of industry trade organizations, led by California Chamber of Commerce
a coalition of insurance industry trade organizations
a coalition of IOUs
a coalition of IOUs (Pacific Gas & Electric
A coalition of labor and IOUs are
A coalition of labor and legal services organizations, including the California Rural Legal Assistance Foundation, sponsor of the bill
A coalition of labor organizations, including the California Federation of Labor Unions, AFL-CIO, is in support and
A coalition of labor rights organizations consisting of United Food and Commercial Workers - Western
A coalition of labor unions and workers' rights organizations state
A coalition of law enforcement agencies
a coalition of law enforcement organizations
A coalition of law enforcement organizations, including the Riverside Sheriffs' Association, is in support and
a coalition of legal aid and civil rights organizations
A coalition of legal aid and consumer advocacy organizations write
a coalition of legal organizations representing labor and consumer groups
A coalition of licensed midwives and consumers who generally support midwifery with less physician involvement
a coalition of local government and law enforcement advocates
a coalition of local government groups
a coalition of local governments
A coalition of manufacturers and trade associations
A coalition of marijuana growers
a coalition of medical professionals
a coalition of municipal utilities associations
A coalition of nine bill opponents
A coalition of opponents state, "The author of AB 965
A coalition of opponents, comprised of agricultural organizations and the chemical industry
A coalition of opponents, including chemical and product manufacturers and the California Chamber of Commerce
A coalition of opponents, including manufacturers and other industry organizations
A coalition of opponents, including pesticide manufacturers, chemical industry trade associations, and agricultural trade organizations
A coalition of opponents, including the American Chemistry Council and the California Chamber of Commerce
A coalition of opponents, led by Computer & Communications Industry Association
A coalition of opponents, led by TechNet
A coalition of opposition
A coalition of organizations - including The Utility Reform Network, Natural Resources Defense Council, California Environmental Voters, the Union of Concerned Scientists, and others
a coalition of organizations and associations representing small businesses
A coalition of organizations including the California Chamber of Commerce and TechNet
A coalition of organizations including the sponsor, the Environmental Working Group
A coalition of organizations involved in local land use and development
a coalition of organizations representing affected licensees including the American Institute of Architects and the California Land Surveyors Association
A coalition of organizations representing outdoor enthusiasts
A coalition of organizations representing shared mobility device providers and bicycle enthusiasts
A coalition of organizations write in support, citing the opinions that
A coalition of organizations writing
A coalition of organizations writing in support of the bill state: Currently
A coalition of organized labor organizations
A coalition of over 40 advocacy organizations, including Disability Rights California
A coalition of physician groups
A coalition of primarily hunting organizations writes
A coalition of property owners and management associations that lease residential properties
A coalition of public interest and veterans organizations wrote
a coalition of real estate and urban planning organizations
A coalition of retailers
a coalition of school groups
A coalition of several dozen organizations
a coalition of several organizations representing the business that use consumer arbitration agreements
A coalition of social and economic justice organizations, including Legal Aid at Work
a coalition of solar energy businesses and advocacy organizations
a coalition of stakeholders involved in various aspects of the civil litigation process including deposition reporters
a coalition of state and local diversity chambers of commerce
A coalition of statewide and regional housing associations are
a coalition of statewide associations
a coalition of supporters
a coalition of supporters including Water Agencies
A coalition of supporters, including 60 environmental, animal welfare, and community groups
A coalition of supporters, including a prominent Pilot Program participant
A coalition of supporters, including environmental and animal welfare organizations and community groups
A coalition of supporters, including the bill's sponsor, Common Sense Media
A coalition of supporters, including the bill's sponsor, the Large-Scale Solar Association
A coalition of supporters, including the California Nonprofit Association
A coalition of supporters, including the California Special Districts Association , the California State Association of Counties, the League of California Cities, and others
A coalition of supporters, including the California Special Districts Association, the California State Association of Counties, the League of California Cities, and others
A coalition of supporters, including the sponsor of this measure, Three Valleys Municipal Water District
a coalition of taxpayer advocates
A coalition of tenants rights and affordable housing groups
A coalition of the California State Association of Counties (CSAC), Urban Counties Caucus (UCC), the Regional Council of Rural
A coalition of thirty-one organization
a coalition of tribal governments
a coalition of tribes that includes Agua Caliente Band of Cahuilla Indians
A coalition of veterans organizations wrote
A coalition of veterans organizations, including the Vietnam Veterans of America-California State Council, is in support and
A coalition of veterans' organizations wrote
a coalition of water agencies
A coalition of wildlife advocacy organization writing
a coalition of women's rights advocates and court users
A coalition of worker organizations, including Jobs to Move America
A coalition representing banks, credit unions, mortgage lenders, and other nonbank lenders
A coalition representing community advocacy organizations, nonprofit community development financial institutions, and research and nonprofit organizations
A coalition representing various local governments
A coalition representing various peace officer associations, including the California Fraternal Order of Police, who sponsor the bill
a committee at their child's school. (Safe and Participatory Public Schools). For Bay Area PLAN members, this is one of the most important
a company that makes plastic trash bags that biodegrade under typical landfill conditions
a company that offers real-time benefit solutions to provide for fully informed prescriptions
a complaint and grievance procedure to address any disputes
a comprehensive assessment and the judicious use of Community Placement
a comprehensive review of each individual's spending plan by a regional centers is necessary to verify that (a) services and
a consequence, the county auditor could not simply shift a
a constitutional right that CACJ
a constitutional right to support the political party of their choice, and to do so by paying others to encourage voters to register with a
a consumer and/or business agree to the electronic transactions
a continuous General Fund appropriation to pay for costs
a contract may need to be terminated. Subsequently
a copy of the hospital's charge description master be made
a country which shares almost none of California's cultural values and has a track record of habitual and horrendous human rights abuses
a critical and justifiable need. However, we have watched in recent years
A critical part of that vision is our
a deductible applies. On balance
a deduction on state taxes is precluded in the bill. The taxpayer has donated $100, received a $60 credit and is
a deep understanding of UDL will result in better
A designated advocate will play a crucial role in providing consistent and tailored
a designee, this unique perspective would be potentially lost
a desperately needed increase in Medi-Cal ambulance funding, and that this
A detailed list of changes between editions is competitive information
a diagnosis that considers all of the underlying physical and medical conditions that can masquerade as a mental disorder
a different subject matter
a direct link is made between mental illness and media and legislation, data and literature do not support these claims.... We have not seen data
a distant location by early the next morning. SAR is an emergency. When
a district to restore an enrollment decline from three
A diverse list of entities, including
a dozen complaints to the BVNPT over the past five months
A duly instructed jury is in the best position to decide, after
a fact-finding panel not sooner than 30 days, but not more than 45
a factor that limits a meaningful assessment of this nature. We must
a fair interest rate for the time the government has been holding their money
a fee but rather a tax which must be presented to the electorate and approved with a supermajority vote
a fee to cover the cost of copying the document, CHA
a financial statement for the viatical companies that the broker
a firearm in the commission of the crimes. Three witnesses identified
a fiscal manager, the federal government invoked a rule requiring that DDS
a five year period
A group of employer organizations, including the California Chamber of Commerce
a Legislative Analyst report and recommendation on
A lengthy list of gun-related organizations
A letter from CalPACE, the sponsor
A letter from the Bioenergy Association of California
A letter from the Board of Supervisors of Imperial County
A letter from the Clean Power Campaign
A letter sent by a coalition of groups, including the California Clean Money Campaign
A letter submitted by a coalition of groups including the California Clean Money Campaign
a lime scent. To gain approval, they claim, products are
a liquor license are not affected by the legislation. The bill includes
A list of entities including the Catholic Conference of Bishops, the CA Partnership to End Domestic Violence, the CA Police
A list of local law enforcement entities
a local government can
a long list of advocacy organizations and sponsored by The School Energy Coalition and UndauntedK12
a long list of business and industry organizations who
A long list of environmental
a long list of industry
a long list of industry groups
a long list of local government organizations
a long list of organizations representing
a long list of water import agencies
a long list that includes industry group
a loss of up to two months in sentence credits, for an inmate or ward to
a major element of the crime of trafficking if the alleged victim is
A majority of
a majority of the money wagered in California would stay in the state for
a majority of the money wagered in California would stay in the state for commissions, purses, breeder's awards, and state
a manufacturer of residential smoke alarms
a Medi-Cal plan. Should that consultation be limited to
a medical assistant. The Blood Centers of California are also in
a mitigated negative declaration, if not a negative declaration. But by
a moratorium on all new benefit mandates until the full
a more efficient and effective use of government resources to
a motorcycle owner to display a readily visible label on their exhaust if
a much better position to determine how much parking their community requires
a much shorter sentence if they never show up to have the device attached
a murder did not actually kill the victim. Many were convicted of felony murder, or for aiding and abetting, because the acted as
a national 501 (c) (3) non-profit organization
a new felony, which creates additional three-strike exposure
A new law is not required
a new legal entity will contract with the state to perform those duties. At all times
a new mandate on cities when they can least afford it. The League notes
a new, unprecedented, dangerous and misleading distinction among auto
a non-profit organization dedicated to safety of California ski resorts
a number of
a number of affinity organizations
A number of associations representing various business
A number of business associations
A number of business groups
A number of businesses across the state
A number of commercial fishing groups write that phasing out the GTN fishery will increase the
a number of community organizations
a number of consumer advocacy and legal aid groups
a number of consumer protection advocacy organizations
A number of Court Reporting Agencies
A number of CSOs
a number of department chairs of ophthalmology, including those at UC hospitals
a number of environmental advocacy organizations
a number of environmental and environmental justice organizations
A number of environmental and environmental justice organizations have a
A number of groups advocating for the homeless and for low-income populations
A number of groups write
A number of gun-related organizations, Safari Club
A number of health and behavioral health providers
a number of health care provider groups
A number of hospital groups and individual hospitals oppose
A number of individual cities
A number of individual Counties
A number of individual hospitals
a number of law enforcement organizations
A number of lending groups and business groups
A number of nongovernmental organizations and local agencies
A number of organizations have written in support of this measure
a number of organizations representing the financial services and business sector in California
A number of organizations that construct or utilize health facilities
A number of other advocacy groups for HIV-infected individuals
A number of other health care providers also
a number of other organizations
A number of other providers and autism and legal advocacy organizations
a number of resident groups from mobilehome parks
A number of restaurants from throughout the state
A number of stakeholders writing
A number of tenant advocacy and mobilehome resident groups voiced their
a number of tenant advocate groups
A number of veterinary stakeholders
A parent caring for their child will have no child
a parent incarcerated for 91 days will not have to pay any child
a particular patient requires special assistance to apply
a particular person, regardless of their age. It would be
a path to reduce petroleum dependence
a patient with a history of substance use disorder
a person from treatment in lieu of incarceration does not
a person of his/her freedom, use force when appropriate and even take a
a person who has been convicted of a specified sexually
a petition for writ of habeas corpus based on new evidence that
A petition signed by hundreds of California franchisees
a physician. CPA
a policyholder- AB 1049 repeats the language of AB 81 and then adds yet another proposed prohibition not in the prior
a precedent I don't wish to establish. Caltrans is instructed to
a preference, this measure is unnecessary. Furthermore, opponents
a preponderance of evidence, that improvement bonds should be
a privacy rights advocacy organization who
a probationary period, during which severance may be
a program for the investigation and removal from distribution
a program that is disproportionately paid for by small ratepayers to
a provision that will weaken the compulsory school
a public hearing. Charter schools are not governed by publicly elected
A recent state Court of Appeal's analysis included that the revival of
A recent study by the Urban Institute observing trends in
a recent study by Yale and Rochester Institute of Technology researchers
a reduction in healthcare utilization
a report that identifies all employers who employ 25 or more
a request that body parts be returned to families, creating a need for
a rescheduled event includes a canceled occurrence of a recurring event for which the purchaser consumer is offered the opportunity to attend another
a residential neighborhood instead of filling potholes on a thoroughfare
a resolution declaring the board's
a result. The Judicial Council also objects to what it sees as a
a rigorous process for qualifying inert ingredients. They
a robust analysis of where the industry can and cannot use zero-emission alternatives using today's technology
a safer California. To the contrary, we
a safety inspection with the DMV or the California Highway Patrol. It is
a separate appropriation to provide direct
a service provider (applicant) is unsuitable if it or its corporate affiliate has a member of its Board of Directors
a set period of time, commencing upon the issuance of the court
a several energy industry associations and environmental groups
a significant number of both support and opposition
a significant number of immigrants' rights advocacy organizations
a significant number of jobs in those communities. The League of California Cities
a similarly sized portion (e.g. the amount of fat in a steak or how it is cooked), or even variation of portion size, such as the size of a baked
a small business with 10 full-time
a specific group of providers as a matter of law
a speedier resolution of grievances
A sponsor of the bill, StriveTogether
a state agency such as the Department of Justice or
a state that has nearly 40 million residents. (f) According to data from the State Department of Public Health
a statewide problem." TPUD indicates that it has not received complaints
a Stimulus Equivalence Paradigm to Children with Degenerative Visual
a students right t o request confidentiality when
a sufficient number of jurors to meet this new demand. Moreover, trying
a support if amended position
a support obligor may request a hearing to modify child
A supporter of the bill, the California Alliance of Child and Family Services
A supporter of the bill, the San Francisco Long-Term Care Ombudsman Program
a supportive factor. Another updating is overdue to accomplish the same
a sweeping coalition of business advocates including the California Chamber of Commerce
a system of receiving, reviewing, and acting on provider
a theatrical or operatic performance
a third-party administrator
a ticket at a specific price or within a specific price range
a ticket resale marketplace is confirming that the ticket is being sold in compliance with all applicable state laws. (b) A ticket resale marketplace
a ticket reseller
a total of $14.6 million (approximately $1.5 million per year) in state
a trucking company and an airport
a unique coalition of organizations representing probation officers
a US Government Accountability Office Report 'Youth with Autism
a utilization review organization
A varied collection of organizations write
A variety of business and industry group oppose AB 589. These groups cite duplicative criminal penalties and burdens on employers as reasons for their opposition
A variety of environmental organizations write
A variety of healthcare interests
a variety of labor and food access organizations
A version of this proposal is proposed by the Governor
a veteran was held in contempt for failing to pay his child
a viable solution to the problem of telephone number scarcity
a victim under the age of 16 from serving as an employee or
a ward's parole consideration date. Time adds, as they are known, are a
A warm and informed connection to confidential advocacy services will allow survivors to address their many different safety needs - from emergency housing to legal
a weekly basis, using a threshold of 360 hours per quarter to separate full
a whole and shifting sidewalk repair responsibilities will likely result
a wide array of EMS system stakeholders
a wide coalition of developers and affordable housing advocates
a wide coalition of nonprofit organizations
a wide coalition of safety net providers
a wide range of tasks in order to be eligible for
a wide variety of both state and federal loan repayment programs in addition to employer-based recruitment and retention incentives
a wide variety of industry organizations
a) $239,011 (bond proceeds) to the City of St. Helena for a grant payment
a) $245,438 for the City of Hermosa Beach, which had spent
a) A defendant with one strike who commits any felony must be sentenced
a) According to the California Habeas Project, a coalition formed to
a) across those jurisdictions to designate staff or contract resources
a) Administrative burden: There are more than 4,500 textbook publishers
a) Attorney General Bill Lockyer states, "?there is no
a) Attorney General Bill Lockyer states, "There is no
a) CA District Attorneys Association: "Existing law properly recognizes
a) California Attorneys for Criminal Justice state, "[S]etting aside real
a) California-based retail businesses are losing $4.1 billion annually in
a) Current law (Penal Code Sec 851.8(i) makes a finding of factual
a) During a Board of Equalization (BOE) audit of a claimant, a waiver
a) effective limits on sharing unproven gang allegations with federal immigration enforcement agencies
A) Eligible providers: SB 92 proposes to expand the types of eligible providers for HFP, whereas SB 112
a) Engineers, architects, doctors, nurses, medical specialists, and researchers
a) For violations of the Alcoholic Beverage Control Act, from 1 to 5 years in state prison to 16 months, 2 or 3 years
a) How the existing governance options in the bill will affect its usefulness
a) Human Rights Watch: "As one of the world's leading independent
a) If the offense involves at least 100 articles, by up to one year in
a) It provides the MBC with the discretion to allow more than two
a) It represents an encroachment into the private doctor-patient relationship
a) Makes it a felony, punishable by 16 months, 2, or 3 years in state
a) Makes it an alternative felony/misdemeanor to
a) needlessly expands involuntary care for individuals in a restrictive and confined environment beyond what is allowed in current law
a) Provides a registered sex offender who applies for a
a) Remove all references to the retroactivity of the fertility preservation mandate
a) Stale-dated warrants (expired state checks) - 280 claims for $765,478
a) Taxpayer. The taxpayer donates $100 to the state in the first year and obtains a $60 credit. The taxpayer also deducts $100 as a
a) The American Civil Liberties Union states, "We do not
a) The association was
a) The attractive credit could lead to significantly increased giving, as
a) The bill stops the soda industry from targeting communities with promotional pricing strategies that make soda cheaper than water
a) The bill would use Restitution Funds for costs not
a) The bill's purported application to wine labeled for sale
a) The board can require water users to fund and perform expensive
a) The CA State Sheriffs Association: "Prior to the enactment of SB 159, sheriffs, police chiefs and other public agencies were faced with
a) The California Attorneys for Criminal Justice
a) The California State Association of Counties states
a) The definition of social networking web site is overly broad and vague. The provisions of the bill requiring DOJ to
a) The exact location of many drinking water wells is announced by
a) The juvenile was 16 years of age or older at the time of the offense
a) The minor has not previously been declared to be a ward of the court
A) The patient resides outside California
a) Two sheriffs or chiefs of police or peace officers
a) Varying interpretations: The opposition
a) Whether it is necessary to provide a single-district
A. District Attorney's Office, which states, "SB 1428 updates California's wiretap law to cover new
a. Faith-based health services are excluded
a. Insurers could not use inquiries about the scope of coverage to automatically deny renewals, whether the inquiries came from the insurers
a. The bill as proposed to be amended does not define
AAA, writing in support
AAI also
AAI also requests two other amendments. First, it wishes to
AAP is also
AB 1005 would help to ensure that more Californians can access
AB 1036 removes the requirement to seek discovery from trial counsel first and expands the definition of "discovery materials" to include exculpatory, mitigating evidence, and jury selection
AB 1036 removes the requirement to seek discovery from trial counsel first and expands the definition of ″discovery materials″ to include exculpatory, mitigating evidence, and jury selection
AB 1043 marks an important step toward creating a developmentally safe online world that
AB 1049, Page b. Insurers could not use a single "no pay
AB 1053 heads in the right direction, by ensuring that the few wards who
AB 1066 is appropriate and as intended
AB 1076 allows CalABLE to solicit philanthropic
AB 1085 is essential to keep the promise made by California voters for revenue from Proposition 64
AB 1126 would enact necessary improvements to the California Department of Cannabis Control
AB 1148 would suspend child
AB 1150 provides a more equitable framework to increase access and
AB 1153, which was held on this committee's Suspense File last year
AB 1207 stifles public discourse on some of the most hotly
AB 1230 will
AB 126 will
AB 1260 would extend those exemptions to rail and help build the critical infrastructure needed
AB 1276 avoids these issues by treating all offenders equally and guaranteeing parole consideration after the defendant has served 25 years
AB 128 is premature in creating a "special statute" for the City of LA. The LAPPL
AB 1296 aligns with LACOE's mission
AB 1304 will provide much-needed
AB 1323 will give each of them
AB 1377 will make sure that
AB 1398 would improve enforcement against bad actors by allowing fraud
AB 1402 utilizes existing technological resources in order to facilitate responsible online commerce that
AB 1417 exacerbates this uncertainty by adding requirements at a time when the offshore wind industry needs state partnership and
AB 1431, Page California Association of Health Underwriters
AB 1431, Page Western Center on Law and Poverty
AB 1524, Page California State Association of Counties
AB 1565 provides front-end
AB 1575 empowers students and promotes transparency in their
AB 1588 would
AB 1602 provides the financial
AB 1614 - Klehs American Federation of State, County & Municipal Employees
AB 1629 builds on the intelligent, pioneering efforts of the domestic
AB 1653 seeks to establish a coordinated framework to reduce violent crimes committed against Native Americans and remove obstacles associated with investigating and prosecuting said crimes
AB 1673 - Takasugi United Californians for Tax Reform
AB 1684 helps uplift the needs of informal caregivers who
AB 1719 was held in Committee on Revenue and Taxation
AB 1722, Page American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees
AB 1747 will reaffirm California's commitment to being at the forefront of the fight against mass deportations of its residents, and will send a powerful message of inclusion across the nation
AB 1759 - Knowles Department of Insurance
AB 1780 sends a strong message the California
AB 1819 would impose new costs on charter schools that already strive to
AB 1850 - Cohn Motion Picture Association of America, Inc
AB 1890 - Mountjoy Calegislation
AB 190-Negrete McLeod Sexual Assault Victim Services-Orange County
AB 1972 would expand the CHP's ORCTF
AB 1978 will
AB 1991 would help
AB 1XX Surfrider Foundation
AB 2058 would also establish a much-needed technical assistance capacity
AB 2071 will create the necessary incentives and
AB 2073 - Battin University of San Francisco
AB 2076 recognizes that historically marginalized communities need
AB 209 - Maze Service Employees International Union (opposed identical AB 218 (2005))
AB 2121 builds on the foundation established in SB 57 by ensuring that
AB 2121 will provide critical
AB 2197 creates a new onerous point of sale temporary license plate system that burdens consumers
AB 22 also
AB 2208, Page Equality California
AB 2215, Page JCP Geologists (Fremont, CA)
AB 2250 removes the requirement that HCD inspect the mobilehome
AB 2261, Page St. James Pharmacy
AB 2277 - Thompson California Senior Legislature
AB 2284 is a strong example of how our government can provide resources
AB 2301 would enact the following findings and declarations
AB 2312 because that bill did not address what it
AB 2322 will
AB 236 will
AB 2375 was amended during this committee's hearing last year to
AB 238 ensures critical
AB 2381 is necessary to rectify this technicality which excludes AOC
AB 2384, Page Department of Insurance
AB 2392's annual cap of $12 million will be reached in calendar year 2017
AB 2400 is unnecessary given that current law already requires
AB 2414 - Rainey California Taxpayerso Association
AB 2438 upholds these values and for that the California Democratic Party is proud
AB 2438 would reduce the state's transportation capacity at a time when California's goods movement economy urgently needs the Legislature's undivided
AB 2499 fixes this problem by allowing inmates to obtain credits
AB 2527 makes strides towards ensuring that all incarcerated pregnant individuals are treated with dignity and provided the essential prenatal care
AB 2540 Page 8 The litigation rate is even higher for certain types of
AB 2566 provides the state with an opportunity
AB 2589 aims to effectively combat poverty by delivering meaningful economic
AB 2602 (Lieu), California Mortgage Bankers Association
AB 2616, Page a. The bill states "the insurer shall pay the provider
AB 263 - Oropeza Fremont General
AB 264 (Chan), Page America's Health Insurance Plans - Verified June 6
AB 2640 - Pringle City of Laguna Hills
AB 2640 - Pringle City of Norwalk
AB 2642 is designed to provide this much-needed relief...In recent times, we have seen a concerning rise in efforts to suppress or intimidate voters, both in the United
AB 265 ensures that recovery
AB 2655's approach is narrowly tailored and does not extend the law to hot button controversies or inflammatory
AB 2669 would have also specified similar language requirements for public
AB 2671 - Takasugi Cal-Tax
AB 2743 erodes the authority of local law enforcement to take a proactive
AB 2747 - Wesson California Common Cause
AB 2795 - Morrissey California Taxpayers Association
AB 2857 - Laird Orange County Board of Supervisors
AB 2911, Page California Retailers Association
AB 2924, Page The Governoros Office of Insurance Advisor
AB 3013, California Society of Clinical Social Work
AB 3133 affirms and codifies the long tradition of California supporting refugees as part of the United
AB 3271 allows a minor to disaffirm any waiver of legal right, remedy, or forum in an educational enrollment agreement for
AB 347 will help ensure the required
AB 377 would also establish a much-needed technical assistance capacity
AB 379 establishes a Survivor
AB 384 attempts to address this concern by including "rebuttable
AB 399 will advance blue carbon research by mandating data collection and monitoring of these demonstration projects and will
AB 443 advances this effort and
AB 456 is a simple amendment to the new statute to insert "owner or
AB 469 (Swanson), Chapter 655, Statutes of 2011 made numerous changes related to wage theft, employee wage
AB 481, Page practice: at the time an acceptance is mailed or
AB 493 will provide much-needed financial
AB 500 also infringes on the rights of those who reside with a
AB 51 would
AB 527 provides the state with an opportunity
AB 53 seeks to address this disparity and reverse the 20-year trend of military retirees leaving California to settle in
AB 540 was landmark legislation and SJR 9 celebrates its significance in shaping California higher education policy
AB 551 will significantly improve impaired driving data collection and analyses and can serve as a model for other
AB 554 is ripe for abuse by extremist groups which are fundamentally
AB 57 X1 Automobile Club of Southern California
AB 59, Page California Nurses Association
AB 591, Page Health Net
AB 592 will provide critical
AB 600, Page Beverly Hills Bar Association
AB 606 provides essential
AB 65 Program of Los Angeles Unified School District
AB 673 would carry out this recommendation and better help those on the front line serve and
AB 698 helps preserve union construction jobs and
AB 701 would increase
AB 717, as currently written, would protect the reputation and very
AB 723 provides a vital opportunity to ask our voters for a level of taxation
AB 729 would abrogate the due process rights of teachers, and the phrase "local governing board's adopted standards" is too
AB 760 will help
AB 765 would rectify this elimination of this essential right at trial
AB 772 builds upon this by providing a pathway to apply similar
AB 772 provides an important tool for schools to address these harms and
AB 775 would ensure that students have access to such
AB 778 (Mullin), Association of California Insurance Companies
AB 78, Page Association of California Life and Health Insurance Companies
AB 782 is strongly opposed by the Judicial
AB 79 will
AB 8 does not account for Taft-Hartley joint labor-management trust funds, and that union employers who contribute to the trust funds, are already
AB 8 should be amended to guarantee that health care contributions from
AB 805 would have allowed for relief for residents whose human rights are being violated daily
AB 811 (Fong) would raise the repeatability cap from one to three and additionally raise the course repetition cap from three to five with added notification of student
AB 833 would lay the foundation for a single taxpayer portal combining
AB 857 would ensure that these individuals have
AB 87 represents a critical step in addressing the state's ongoing housing affordability crisis by ensuring that development incentives are appropriately targeted
AB 88, Page Californians for Affordable Health Reform
AB 900 also provides that human trafficking victims can rely on evidence other than official employment documentation
AB 905, Page Mortgage Insurance Companies of America (MICA)
AB 91 will override judicial discretion and require IIDs in every case
AB 913 - Cunneen Hewlett-Packard Company
AB 915 will
AB 925 would expand the authority of the IC beyond the statutory responsibility to monitor and regulate
AB 933 extends disability coverage to all miscellaneous employees that
AB 934 will
AB 967 ensures that physicians can be recruited to move to California
AB 967 seeks to aid families and school in achieving resolution to speed the access to IEP services and
AB Anthony F. Cardenas, Chief of Police
AB Associated General Contractors of California
AB Association of California Life Insurance Companies
AB California Association of Professional Liability Insurers
AB California Attorney General
AB California Attorneys for Criminal Justice
AB California Building Industry Association
AB California Cement Manufacturers Environmental Coalition
AB California Council for Environmental and Economic Balance
AB California District Attorneys Association
AB California Highway Patrol
AB California Small Brewers Association
AB California Society for Clinical Social Work
AB City of American Canyon
AB Committee on Moral Concerns
AB Department of Transportation
AB GTE
AB Hon. Bob Filner, Member of Congress
AB League of California Cities
AB Major Frank Jordan, San Francisco
AB Nathaniel Holmes III, Chief of Police
AB Personal Insurance Federation of California
AB Sierra County District Attorney
AB State Association of County Retirement Systems
AB Union of American Physicians & Dentists
AB1027- J. Horton Contractors' State Licensing Board (CSLB)
AB1617 -Justice Fellowship
abandon their child in the midst of an almost unfathomable panic
abated, they fear that without conforming with federal
ABC cannot determine whether an information technology specialist with expertise in age verification systems and cryptography would be needed to provide investigatory
ABC notes it may require IT technical expertise to provide
ABC's activities are funded by regulatory and license fees and generally the department does not receive
ability of pharmacists to administer flu vaccinations is a prime example of the positive effect when
ability to be HAVA-compliant by January 1, 2006
ability to bill for these services
ability to deal with ongoing nuisance situations involving domestic
ability to go to court if the commission has not acted within 60 days
ability to pay
ability to pay for services rendered or otherwise afford
ability to pay the tax. They explain that a high-income homeowner with a
ability to provide appropriate rate mechanisms for smaller water
ability to provide services, and may be more vulnerable to
ability to receive services in their home. Disabled individuals are the employer and they hire individuals to provide them with care. According
ability to receive solid waste in keeping with local zoning and permitting based simply on the origin of the solid waste
ability to recover funds owed for services that have been
ability to request fact-finding. Supporters conclude that numerous
ability to require disability-related examinations
ability to respond, ACOG
ability to safely operate a motor vehicle
ability to serve WIC participants. CGA
able than adults to consider the consequences of their behavior, they
able to administer its routine services, maintenance and small projects
able to bring the few 'bad apples' to the attention of state
able to carry those losses forward as the economy improves, delaying the General Fund's recovery. Additionally, the bill
able to employ housekeepers, nannies, and caregivers of the elderly and disabled. They also
able to initiate proceedings related to immoral conduct
able to pay for this
ABM is in opposition and
abolishment of the state-reimbursable mandate or continued
abolition of the death penalty, but rather calls for a
Abortion bans have put medical residency programs in a difficult position - if they provide abortion training in
about $20 billion in deductions for charitable donations. If you assume
About 200 organizations expressed
about 30% due to mental health
about 83.45 percent of opioid prescriptions originated from physician offices. (e) In 2016
about an outright exemption from the CPM bar for an entire group of health facilities. In addition, she was aware of the upcoming report on
about CEA coverage contained in Insurance Code Section
about each of us and lessens the burden law enforcement must
about identification cards that would be easy to forge
about including system vendor and system product as elements of the catalog
about the customer that would be necessary to spot financial abuse
about the difficulty of communicating with reviewers three time zones
about the effect this proposal would have on victims' families. The retroactivity provisions of SB 399 alone are cause for opposition
about the interests of the individual college or colleges within their
about the recent amendments
about the use of laser in acupuncture. Further more, since the federal Food and Drug Administration still
about this school because it presents a composite view of the people and costs for the whole school system in terms
about treatment in several state hospitals involving
about which program providers would be funded from the PCG
Absent a General Fund appropriation, costs would borne by the Integrated Waste Management Account, which CalRecycle
Absent enforcement, competitive pressures force companies to
absent full adjudication
absentee ballot to voters who are deceased or have moved
absolute right to leave and that employers do not have a
absolutely no guarantee that this measure would have even the slightest success at that goal
Absorbable increase in workload costs to the Division of Labor Standards Enforcement for additional wage
absurd and unconscionable consequence of this law
abuse problem, as a result of which he or she has been
abuse, the perpetrator in more than 90 percent of such crimes is a family
abused or neglected could be further victimized by having
ACA 8 builds on these efforts with a solution that has proven effective in the dozen countries that allow voting by citizens under age 18, and in the municipalities in the United
ACA prohibits coverage sold through health benefit exchanges, where the premiums are federally subsidized, from covering
Academic Partnership Program for which funding was
academic year, establish priorities for allocation within the Cal Grant
ACAL remains
accelerating grade level promotion. Further, districts
accept a late petition as an "administrative protest
accept only a single bullet. In practice, this has allowed dealers to
accepted offers from eight open and active businesses
access control system
access for eligible adult students. The department
access hospital serving a remote rural community located west of the Mojave Desert in the Tehachapi Mountains, the hospital faces a greater
access is not made available. It is not clear to what extent the most
access problem for workers who have been injured and need treatment by
access provider, Sierra Pine
access to accurate information regarding the specific name and title
access to any home address of a filer. This public access
access to care, workforce development, expanding the use of telehealth and improving mental health and substance use disorder treatment
access to clean, affordable water
access to courses for all students for access for those students who can
access to detailed information, the public's respect for its police
access to emergency departments, which may be the only place someone in
access to his or her personnel file. For example, a former employee (whose file may not be easily accessible) is able to make multiple
access to information and services that would benefit their
access to necessary, and in many cases life-sustaining, prescription drugs
access to otherwise suspended services, including nonmedical therapies such
access to prescription products without imposing
access to public transit. These are goals we share
access to the courts for redress of grievances and access to lawyers when legal services are necessary, including through the provision of pro bono services and through financial support to nonprofit
Access to the Index was initially limited to official investigations of open child abuse cases. In 1986, though, access to the Index was expanded
access to, controlled substance prescription drug forms to deter
accessed by recipients in card rooms and Indian casinos. In response to
accessibility for limited-English-proficient insureds by providing
accessible and sustainably produced
accessible to disabled individuals and makes the voting
accident is to determine if the driver was under the influence
accidents in order to avoid identification and possible prosecution
accidents, random urine testing of student athletes to prevent
accommodate jury trials. Additionally, the scheduling issues that will
accommodation' for purposes of DV, sexual assault, and stalking
accomplish the policy objectives of by
accomplish the same purposes of the bill, and that the bill is therefore
accomplish this goal by having its adult leaders spend time with youth
accomplished without cause or even the furnishing of a reason, for as long as two years
accordance with a kit's package insert and any other manufacturer
accordance with state and federal law and that have no
According the CalSTRS
According the Gun Owners of California, "[United
According to 's office the following groups were
According to , "SB 1143 would eliminate an implied right to
According to , "SB 423 protects the reliability of mass transit
According to , "The increasing use of gag
According to , SB 23 calls for a retooled
According to , the California State Auditor issued a March 2013
According to a coalition comprised of organizations representing the agricultural and consumer products sectors writing
According to a coalition of consumer organizations
According to a coalition of local agency associations that are
According to a coalition of organizations
According to a letter submitted by 63 organizations who
According to a survey done by Asian Prisoner
According to BART
According to Brady United Against Gun Violence
According to California Association Apartment who
According to CAMEO
According to Crime Victims United of California
According to DLSE
according to existing law and regulation
According to sponsors Hispanas Organized for Political Equity and a broad
According to supporters
According to the American Federation of Charros
According to the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
according to the Assembly Local Government Committee
According to the bill's
According to the California Advisory Commission on
According to the California and Cable Telecommunications
According to the California Association of Legal
According to the California Association of Psychiatric Technicians (CAPT)
According to the California Chapter of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun
According to The California Chapters of the Brady Campaign to
According to the California Coalition for Children's Safety and Health which is
According to the California Commission on the Status of
According to the California Correctional Peace
According to the California Department of Justice "Attorney General Rob Bonta is pleased
According to the California FAIR Plan who is
According to the California Grocers Association in an
According to the California League of Cities who
According to the California News Publishers Association
According to the California Stormwater Quality Association in an
According to the California Teachers Association (CTA)
According to The California Trucking Association "While we understand and
According to the City of Maywood
According to the Coachella Valley Cannabis Alliance
According to the Coalition
According to the Consumer Federation of California who are
According to the District with a position
According to the Education Commission of the
According to the Humane Society of the United
According to the L.A. District Attorney's Office and the L.A
According to the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights of the San
According to the League of California Cities (Cal Cities) and the California State Association of Counties (CSAC) in their
According to the League of California Cities in a position
According to the League of Cities and the California Special
According to the National Association of Social Workers - California
According to the Nature Conservancy
According to the policy analysis dated April 24
According to the San Francisco Giants
According to the Senate Local Government Committee
Accordingly, AB 1377 is premature until this "Blue Ribbon" panel can
Accordingly, DRC
Accordingly, opponents
Accordingly, the bill could result in communities losing an
Accordingly, the SEC encourages
accordingly. Conversely, absent a fee increase, the program
Accoring to CANHR, there is no incentive to pay fines because
account with CalPERS. CCPOA notes in the 2011 collective bargaining
accountability from the state. AB 915 channels the savings from these
accountability throughout state government
accountability-have not materialized." The National
accountable for the actions of individual members
accountable for updating plans when information changes or they do not
accounts as of April 2011 and agreed, so long as it was consistent with
accounts of registered sex offenders as we are made aware of them
accounts, and extending the time for a lender to submit a loan enrollment
accreditation agencies without enforcement capability is an insufficient
accreditation is granted is clarified. CAEHA
accumulate a large sum of state credits at the end of each year. By
accumulation" provision, since dropped from the proposal, that they
accurate information regarding potential risks. Scheduled to be heard in
accurate picture of the psychological state of an inmate/patient
achieve a more equitable system
achieve that 500-year level
achieve the purposes of this Act
achieve the remainder of the reductions necessary to attain federal air
achieved by amending the bill, on , line 30 as follows, "...a
achieved. Ultimately, it was not implemented
achievement in the elementary grades, it prescribes an
achieving schools. They
ACIP guidelines by providing the PHO with explicit authority to determine
acknowledge that PD ratings are down under the new system, but
acknowledge the problem of contraband cell phones, but
acknowledge this and seriously consider this company as a bidder? Or would
acknowledged mistakes caused the claimant's failure to file timely ($54,421)
acknowledges the disparities in penalties between crack and powder cocaine
ACLHIC and AHIP also question whether out-of-network providers should have access to the same information and resources as those providers that agree to participate in plan networks
acquire more property for the benefit of its residents
acquire the property while still respecting the conditions of the conservation easement. For example, a utility company may install a
acquisitions and promote environmentally sustainable healthcare practices
ACR 29 brings a much-needed awareness to the dire need of mental health
ACR 76 celebrates small businesses by acknowledging their contributions and promoting
ACR 91 will aid in our outreach and education efforts by helping us
across certain borders within the Western Hemisphere, I
across dozens of county departments and hundreds of vital programs and services delivered at the local level. Further, the bill sets an
across hospitals and providers that have a very different mix of services and roles in the community. For example, the cost and quality of complex
Across the state, Black workers are overrepresented in workplace discrimination
Across the[United
ACSA states: "[we
ACSA would
ACSCAN further
ACSED conditions its
Act (11340 et seq. of the Government Code). The department shall submit the regulations to the Office
act and insertion instead into the general provisions
Act clearly
Act contract cancellation process
Act has been of enormous importance in term of advancing research on
act like a banker by having to determine if a buyer is
Act providing a transportation plan for Treasure and Yerba Buena
Act requirements have fared better in earthquakes than non-Field Act
Act rule. That issue has never been litigated, but many supporters
act, MRMIB conducted three annual surveys of families enrolled
Act?[t]he $250 disclosure and disqualification
action against a plan that fails to comply with contractual
action against an EMT-I's certification to resolve employment
action altogether. AB 2846 is needed to ensure that the right of homeowners
action and not include any punitive fines
action for specified conduct within the one-year statute of limitations
action is to discourage illegal immigration by removing the incentive provided by public benefits
action" may be imposed upon any public safety officer for alleged
action, the DSH program was on the verge of "meltdown," and that AB 768 enacted a critical stabilization plan, including a
action. The bill was substantially amended by the policy committee
actions against Caltrans employees for improprieties on the bridge project
actions and interrogations are likely to be considerably lower for
actions ARB already is undertaking administratively. Finance also notes
actions for AMCs and appraisers
actions that follow, such as the ban on commercial salmon fishing in
actions to prevent and deter misuse of confidential patient information
active participation in their TSCN, which has brought together diverse
Active participation of incarcerated parents in hearings enables them to
active supporter or opponent of a particular decision before
actively recruit applicants to address the increasing demand
activities by manufacturers and software publishers and affiliates
activities of the California Peace Officer Memorial Foundation in support of the families of slain peace officers
activities or having any connection to minors whatsoever. While loitering
activities should only be preformed by an experienced
activities such as touching a phone's screen to answer a call, checking map applications, or simply observing the time, often when
activities would be undertaken only in absolutely
activity carries consequences. Those consequences should not be mitigated
activity in young children with autism," Journal of the American Academy of Child & Adolescent Psychiatry, October 2012
activity instead of distributed via a tax credit
activity is deemed a public nuisance
activity of the individual to be related to interfering with school
activity that would warrant suspension or revocation. CTA
activity to continue and flourish, posing significant safety and economic
acts of the paparazzi
acts. 449 Unit 2 members voted against the MOU. The 1,262
Actual arbitration and litigation costs will depend on the number of grievances and
Actual costs will depend on how many applications for untimely
Actual costs will depend on the number of
Actual costs would depend upon a determination by the Commission on State Mandates, and the number and amount of individual
actual difference in the way we budget and run our government
actual imprisonment or community service does not assist in getting a
actually "eliminating" it. At the time of this writing, both sides were
actually do more harm than good by creating a false sense
actually needs health care and writes that this practice appears to affect
actually perform in an earthquake, and to allow validation of the HAZUS
actually rebuilding California's infrastructure rather
actuarial expert. They cite as an example, the City of San Diego, where
acuity systems and related staffing logs. CHA
acupuncture and in general principles of Western medical
acupuncture licensure is premature, primarily because there is
acupuncturists is unclear, many questions remain
acupuncturists to use unlimited amounts of low-level
ACWA has an
ACWA is writing to express our
ACWA will move to a "Support" position on the bill. Amendment 1 - Require the testing of drinking water at a licensed day care center if the building was constructed or modernized before January 1
add a definition of "hearing" and
add a new and confusing requirement that appears to limit an electrical corporation's ability to recover costs incurred to serve some future customers
add additional, and possibly younger policy holders to the risk pool, will help improve the sustainability of this program
add more circumstances that constitute extortion, defense counsel is
add protections against fiscal volatility
added by earlier legislation, and that current statutory language
adding millions of dollars of central office staff
Adding more members will only add difficulty to reaching decisions
Adding to the frustration of physicians and patients is that identical
adding training and personnel that increase costs and threaten to reduce services. 2) There may be unintended consequences of aggressive changes to the system of care
addition to the funding they received through the facilities loan program in 1997-98 and 1998-99, to
addition, an imbalance between penalties applicable to grocery companies and employees who actually fail to follow the new sales restrictions
addition, county recorders will encounter significant increases in staff
addition, DOF
addition, enforcement by camera/video may not capture the full nature of the circumstances surrounding the alleged violation. We can envision
addition, Finance
addition, however, opponents
addition, it is unclear why CalWORKs recipients would be singled out for
addition, opponents
addition, the California Farm Bureau and the California
addition, the changes could reduce patient-on-patient and patient-on
addition, the civil penalty of up to $100,000 for a general
addition, the Community College League
addition, the organization expresses concern about the financial soundness of loans that would be guaranteed or made
addition, the Rite Aid Corporation
addition, the vehicle owners who must pay the assessment derive no special
addition, there are no metrics proposed with which to evaluate whether
addition, they are concerned the reduced inspections could jeopardize
addition, utilities with preexisting pipeline biomethane contracts may
Additional concerns come from the California Society for Human Resource Management which are
Additional corporations and entities
Additional costs to each state agency to provide data and other information to the commission
additional costs to public employers at a time when public agencies are
Additional delays may prejudice transactions as loan
additional escrow mandates burden the housing market at the wrong time. During the sale, both parties are usually
additional guidance or limitations. Rather, it allows segregation for the
additional income
Additional information must be gathered and a strategy for conducting
Additional information must be gathered and a strategy for conducting this
additional jury service exemptions, citing a court rule that provides
additional labor representatives, for the purpose of tipping
additional logistical requirements would only serve to delay
additional money, this particular fee is both unnecessary and unjust to
Additional national studies show that when these individuals are
additional options for re-applying for insurance, thus
Additional refrigerated storage capacity and procedural and delivery costs
additional requirements
additional revenue generated
additional staffing resources are needed
additional state revenue should be to uninsured, low-income
Additionally they
Additionally, 'price' is not the only factor that needs to be taken
Additionally, AB 1246 will extend direct shipping privileges for California craft distillers as well as allowing craft distillers from other
Additionally, ACLU California Action
Additionally, allowing contractors to avoid the
Additionally, CAHP
Additionally, California defines forced marriage as a prohibited marriage yet is one of only 10
Additionally, CalVCB
Additionally, CBH
Additionally, CDCR
Additionally, CHLA
Additionally, CMA
Additionally, CPA
Additionally, data collection would foster future
Additionally, DIR
Additionally, DTSC
Additionally, during these travel rotations, these students are developing relationships with, and actively being recruited by, healthcare facilities in other
Additionally, DWR
Additionally, EFF
Additionally, FACCC
Additionally, given that [SB 2 X1]also
Additionally, GO-Biz
Additionally, in light of the massive structural budget deficit in
Additionally, it is unclear how long an employer must accommodate a victim
Additionally, many reported lost or stolen guns are never found or retrieved, likely making their way into other
Additionally, opponents
Additionally, opponents are concerned that voters would become
Additionally, opposition
Additionally, Proposition 1A provided up to $700
Additionally, rates for program policies must be sufficient to cover losses incurred and expenses, including the costs of administration, underwriting, taxes, commissions, and
Additionally, SD Chamber
Additionally, since the policy which requires
Additionally, subsequent legislation on this issue should contain
Additionally, supporters
Additionally, the bill's definition of 'recidivism' could be interpreted as requiring county jails to ascertain from courts, other jails, or state prisons, potentially including such entities in other
Additionally, the California Apartment Association
Additionally, the California Judges Association
Additionally, the California Land Title Association
Additionally, the California Manufacturers and Technology Association
Additionally, the CDC
Additionally, the Department
Additionally, the EBT system cannot currently stop the purchase of certain specified items, and would have to be significantly reprogrammed
Additionally, the equal pay laws in all
Additionally, the list of "qualified and responsible persons" authorized to verify experience
Additionally, the opposition
Additionally, the PUC
Additionally, the statute's lack of a timeframe within which a witness
Additionally, the Teamsters
Additionally, those in support
Additionally, with regard to the bill's required fiduciary ethics and harassment prevention course, CACM
additions to a UR system that is performing a valuable function of preventing inappropriate treatment that is not evidence-based, and which
address actual energy use by customers and offers no incentives to reduce
address concerns through its administrative and regulatory authority
address declining enrollment funding adjustment for
address issues related to community management of the state's adult sex
address SHOPP needs anywhere in the state. The author's most recent
address some of Cal-Fed's concerns
address that concern by giving the commissioner the authority to increase
address the complaints raised about internet sweepstakes cafes, their
address the fact that students who take the Armed Services
address the governor's veto message. They also
address the insufficient ERAF by providing local governments with one
address this concern
address this important issue
address used for this purpose
address. Nor is there any reason to assume that a potential offender, intent on using an Internet site for conversing or meeting potential
addressed concerns of the opposition
addressed for the health of people in other states. AHF would support this
addressed this issue. Similarly, members may wish to discuss whether
addresses protocol for when a local water agency has both elected and appointed officials serving on their board. However, AB 1728 would
addressing contractors who fail to perform to contract standards
addressing gaps in access to behavioral health
Addressing mental health issues will
addressing pet overpopulation
adds in their
adequate facilities, will assist them in serving their unmet demand and, at
adequate funding to provide mental health services to those
adequate health coverage, these children are very
adequate payment for the costs already incurred
adequate to punish armed robbery
adequately care for, causing the animals to suffer and live in squalid
adequately represents the interests of pre-hospital EMS providers
adhere strictly to the HDM and the California MUTCD in developing local
adjacent non-refinery sources
adjudication from the definition of prior felony conviction for
adjudication not only informed the officer that disciplinary action might
adjust the model and
adjustment and a ceiling on a cash settlement that exceeds the amounts
adjustment factor which is being contested in administrative proceedings
adjustments (post- SB 727), and half of the funding excluding
Adjustments-This section would revise the declining
administer antiseizure medication. Specifically, these organizations
administer bond-related activities
administer state dental programs and develop
administer such a program
administer this medication and anticipate or appropriately handle any
administered and managed by the county, it fell under the county's policies and procedures for contracts and procurement. The Authority must now establish its own
administered by a dentist appointed by the Director
administered CSA
administers
administers a Healthy Families/ Medi-Cal education and outreach program that received an appropriation of $21
Administration (FDA) closely regulates the use of bioengineering and biotechnology in foods and is currently reviewing the approval of consumption of genetically engineered salmon. BIOCOM
administration and maintenance of the facility. Until a
administration and other purposes
administration can actually lead to better patient
Administration for Community Living (ACL) promulgated new regulations
Administration has the authority to conduct salary
Administration of Justice investigates the causes of wrongful
Administration of Justice investigates the causes of wrongful convictions and the application of criminal
administration of the Medi-Cal program. (e) It shall be the responsibility of a hospital, as soon as proof of Medi-Cal eligibility is supplied by a person presenting himself or herself
Administration officials
Administration officials state furlough exemptions based on
Administration sponsored legislation this year which
Administration to conduct a review of the salaries of supervisors and managers in state service to identify
Administration to implement a key feature of its closure plan
administration's government framework for regulating health plans
administrative and fiscal burdens for their member institutions. The CBA
administrative and operational problems that have afflicted this
administrative burden and unnecessary costs for PERB. Opponents state AB
administrative burdens, in part by requiring an analysis to determine per
administrative cost ratios
administrative costs into the Insurance Code that
administrative costs to cover their costs involved with
administrative, compliance, insurance, premiums and other costs will
administrators object to the usurpation of the local medical direction
admirably since its inception, with little public attention, the recent oil
adolescent behavior mistakes-are particularly amenable to treatment and rehabilitation
adopt regulations on diesel engines in off-road and on-road trucks that
adopted a salary continuation plan, and the result is that this potential
adopting entity at institutions of higher education responsible for
adopting important regulations to control emissions from diesel engines in
adopting is solely because of the new federal law. Secondly, that language
Adoption Cycle in a timely manner
adoption rate of e-bikes in the [United
adult court, or an offense defined as a serious or violent felony in the Penal Code
adult residential facilities
adult sex offenders and submit a report to the Legislature. The board is
adult-child relationship where there should be none. . . .This
advance in order to continue fully funding their programs
advance notice to county of last legal residence is included for any
advance practice nurses who specialize in the safe delivery
Advanced Medical Technology Association and the California Life Sciences Association (AdvaMed and CLSA) are
advances and efficiencies that help people and firms outside this state
advances in the delivery of radiology services are consistent with
advances. According to RIAA, "Physical music piracy has historically
advantage of a loophole that they thought had been addressed
advantage of such policies appear to be limited. According to the Chancellor's Office, for the Fall 2011 semester, of 14,489 tenured or
advantage of these existing programs
advantage of this rule: emergency rooms, health
advent of for-profit hospitals and health plans may be
additional refrigerated storage capacity and procedural and delivery costs
Additionally, their opposition letter
administering controlled substances in the course of treatment for a person for intractable pain
adversarial relationship with the student body and have a
adverse impact on the public welfare
adverse reactions following hepatitis A vaccination: 197
adversely affected by AB 8 if the bill does not include a minimum floor of hours an employee must work for employers to be subject to the pay or play
Advertisements and marketing materials for ghost gun products routinely
advertisements must be vocalized, and for ballot propositions this can
advertises
advertises, offers for sale or rent, or sells or rents, any recording, the cover or label of which does not clearly disclose the true name and address of the manufacturer and the actual artist
advertising agencies, publishers, and greeting card companies
advertising, intentional misrepresentations to students, securities
advise the state on technology processes and products who is
Advisory Board indicated that San Francisco endorsed a "Development Plan and Term Sheet for the Redevelopment of Naval Station Treasure Island
Advisory Committee is responsible for reviewing all suggestions and making recommendations once a year to the Postmaster General on what
advisory committee process should be allowed to run its course before the Legislature acts
advocacy
advocate for and representative of the current student body varies from
advocate on behalf of human rights, including, though not exclusively, the rights of immigrants, poor people and disadvantaged communities
advocate repeal of the American Rule in other cases
Advocates (SEE COMMENT 8 FOR RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE MAY 5 HEARING OF THE SUBCOMMITTEE ON JUVENILE JUSTICE)
Advocates for children
advocates for homeless people
Advocates for low-income Medi-Cal beneficiaries
Advocates for marijuana legalization and marijuana growers
advocates for support and development of a clean transportation industry
advocates for women's issues
advocating for social and economic justice and environmental protection, as well as local public entities, such as the County of Tulare, in which
AFCSME (letter in support of bill as originally introduced)
affair, and that the Legislature could not impose conditions on such spending
Affairs Council, Safer Streets LA and other transportation and motorist
affairs via a local charter. Moreover, the California Supreme Court
affect the selection of students at competitive campuses and programs by requiring the universities to equate an
affected by a public disciplinary action
affected programs, and potentially makes a substantial
affected the lives of many Californians and thousands of others
affirming their enthusiastic
afford long term care insurance and must rely on public benefits to pay
afford the DMV's administrative fee. We urge you to reconsider this
afford to pay." In addition, Cal-Fed
affordability of health
affordability, and supports reinsurance as an approach to create incentives
affordability. The Chamber
affordable apartments and single-family homes a year for Californians in
affordable housing interests to determine the best way to
affordable housing while recognizing that once a permit is issued by a
affordable prices. The sales at thrift stores help the nonprofit
afforded employees are greater under SB 777 than under the federal Act
afforded only those domestic partnership rights provided by
afforded to peace officers under POBOR, a measure enacted in 1976. In
afforded value for dental premiums in the same way that the MLR for
aforementioned coalition of business and insurance interests
aforementioned coalition of business interests and insurers who
AFSCME, which represents many of the state hospital staff, is a
after 12 months. Health Access
After 2017-18, estimates of the QAF rate provided by the 911 Ambulance Provider's Medi-Cal Alliance
After CVS voluntarily stopped selling tobacco products in 2014, studies documented decreased cigarette pack sales and increased nicotine patch purchases in
after February 1, 2001, will be subject to the CRS. This last
after hospitalization. Proponents
After services are rendered, payment is made under one
After several years of significant annual tuition increases, a brief
after stabilization but before admission as an inpatient
After the merger but before AB 1290 (Isenberg, 1993)
after those necessary to meet a county's "basic aid
aftermarket and performance parts to their customers to discourage them
Again - we do not
Again, I question the need to embark on such a major
against a health plan or health insurer for nonpayment of emergency claims, and requires payment of usual and customary
against because of his or her status as unemployed. It also unfairly
Against Domestic and Sexual Violence, YWCA
against elder financial abuse," California Welfare Directors Association, February 2007
against established case law, but also could subject a broad
Against Family Violence and Sexual Assault, Haven House, Inc., Humboldt Women for
against forgery and counterfeiting of prescriptions, and that
against hospital staff or even other physicians? how does this serve the public by keeping these reports from the Medical Board
against public policy. These kinds of agreements undermine
against students are most often committed by other young
against such stacking
against the business. Unlike other protected classifications currently in
against the estate of the peace officer
against the interposition of the interests of a lay entity
against the patient cease recalling the debt pursuant to subdivision (d)
against the philosophy that the community colleges exist to serve everyone
against the possibility, under current Chancellor's Office
against the property. Attorney's fees should be negotiated and bargained for by contract and not awarded by statute to
against their will, and the time so spent should be
Against Toxics, California Environmental Rights
against unreasonable search and seizure in that the proposed
against warrantless or unreasonable searches and seizures. No
Against Waste, Community Alliance With Family
Against Waste, Eastern Municipal Water
Against Women (co-sponsor)
against women merely due to the presence of nudity, as AB 2441 suggests
AGC strongly
Agencies (ACWA) and several local governments combating mussel
Agencies (ACWA) and the Regional Council of Rural Counties
Agencies (ACWA) and the Regional Council of Rural Counties (RCRC), who
agencies already review tax registries prior to the award of a
agencies and boating and fishing interests
agencies at a time when we are challenged to deliver core public services
agencies can prepare to contact the individual and offer services or help
agencies designate where emergency shelters must be approved
agencies do not provide GPS services. County Probation Departments
agencies ensures accountability and local control over local revenue
agencies in some cases have specifically responded to injured public
agencies in terms of resources and personnel and consequently, would
agencies in the San Joaquin Valley, who
agencies listed below have not expressed their views to the Administration on the new version
agencies on a single website, will improve inter-organization
agencies throughout the state, who
agencies to establish a system of internal controls
agencies were required to establish a successor agency responsible for
Agencies, California Association of Sanitation
Agencies, California Coalition for Rural Housing, League of California Cities
agencies, industry groups and others, who express numerous concerns with
agencies. AB 1002 will have the Fund in place for when those cases occur
agencies. Among the latter would be informing the person
agencies. The Strike Force is empowered to form joint enforcement
Agency (LCSA) of the release of the person whose child
agency and an employee excluded from collective bargaining from
agency and its officers is immeasurably damaged
agency as part of their bid documents that they do not fall within the bidding prohibition of the bill
agency as someone who was previously employed by another state agency and has entered an agreement that prohibits them from seeking or accepting
agency could violate Article XIII, Section 25.5 of the California
agency debt collector fails to notify the provider of this proof, the provider shall not be responsible for ensuring that collections efforts
agency decision-making by requiring live audio or video of public
agency disciplinary matters to unilaterally suspend a license
Agency of Monterey County and the County of Monterey, both of which would benefit from the expedition of transportation projects that
agency or department's request to inspect records in order to verify
Agency or some other agency such as Health and welfare
agency reveals certain financial irregularities, the findings be sent
agency shop provisions of the bill would confer a significant
agency to oversee all the state's activities regarding water quality, including those currently performed by DPH. SWRCB has expertise in water
agency's administrative capacity
agency's fiscal health to better inform budget decisions, especially
agency's request. Opponents
agency, and for drawing independent conclusions regarding the quality of the evidence disclosed, and its sufficiency for making decisions
agency. The sponsor
agent or representative calls
agents and brokers paid 62% of the $30 million raised
agents, collect registration fees and distribute and organize
agents, or were subject to other sections of the code that
agglomeration facilitates production and development efficiencies by
aggravating facts supporting an upper term would unduly prolong trials and burden already stretched judicial resources. In most cases, such a
aggravating these trends
aggressively pursue California's market share once the widened Panama
aging and Asian community advocacy organizations
agreed to after extensive negotiations among the parties involved, would have exempted pupils with
agreeing to those standards -- funding which school
agreement allowing more than 50% overload. (Several colleges have no policy on overload.) Nevertheless, cases of full-time faculty taking
agreement because it exempts projects with a project labor agreement from
agreement by the SLC, and the Port would offer the site below market rate
agreement last year with the union representing most of its
agreement that the non Knox-Keene functions of the Department of Corporations should be moved elsewhere, presumably to the Department of Financial Institutions
agreement with plaintiffs in the case of Chapman, et al. v. the California
agreement, the parties agreed to stop contributions to the members
agreements and that must rely on the default rules, much
agreements as a condition of licensure, DPH has essentially delegated
agreements reached between employer and employee
agreements specify the instances in which UC may contract out for
agreements. The host agency would contract with a non-profit corporation
agreements?.Regulatory gag clauses should be statutorily
agrees the bill would reduce single-use plastic waste but
agricultural inspector aides as "full-time temporary
agricultural interests, including many in the livestock industry
agricultural lands and wetlands are integrated into state plans and policies
Agriculture is one of the most hazardous industries in the United
ahead financially if the sign that was stolen or vandalized cost less
aid. As it now exists, the statute of limitations provides an incentive
AIDS Healthcare Foundations (AHF) writes that, while they are eager to see
air quality control and environmental organizations
air quality impacts from dust and emissions
air quality standards. The SIP is a comprehensive strategy designed to
air quality, ensure access to bicycle and pedestrian paths, and increase
air quality. They share concerns that the existing penalty structure may
air rules and regulations and ongoing funding to clean up sources of air
Airlines and counties party to the agreement
Alameda County and CDFA have expressed similar concerns and also
Alameda County District Attorney Nancy O'Malley, who
alcohol testing, but the expansion is not contingent on
alcoholic beverages without clerk intervention to verify age and finalize
alert to support a number of different
Alert, and Global Automakers, who express concern that autonomous
aligns traffic violation penalties with the gravity of traffic offenses
All 10 incorporated cities in Ventura County
all 50 states and several foreign countries. This show is scheduled again
All are support
all aspects of the state's flood control issues and is instead
all Californians, it is a step in the right direction
All correspondence was received prior to the January 29th amendments of the bill
all despite numerous requests. Indeed, the Governor failed to
all employees, including senior management. UC and CSU
All family leave
All felony convictions lead to a lifetime prohibition, while specified
all individuals working on shore
all industries. The California Nurses Association
all information be posted biennially. To accomplish
all members of the public to access information
All of California's citizens
all of the above plus Coalition of California Welfare Rights Organizations
all of the circumstances of the case, and only with prosecutor's approval
all of the claims (98%) are in two categories
all of the costs to job applicants
All of the following are opposedas described in the
all of the following: (A) The overall number of opioid prescriptions
all of these expenditures were used to pay salaries of the 42.7 people who worked directly with students on a daily basis
All of these factors are reasons why CTA
All of this would be done without any disruption in services or
all of which
all of which cite the environmental benefits and removal cost savings associated with switching to reusable bags
all of which included
All opposition letters were received regarding a previous version of the bill, except as noted
All opposition was to a prior version of the bill. The author is contacting the opposition to determine their position
all other realigned programs and potentially at the expense of other programs, such as child welfare services and adult
all parties place a premium on ensuring minimal disruption to individuals with developmental disabilities
all payments to the general contractor. The lien situation
all physicians to complete a mandatory, continuing
All previous opposition has contacted the committee and removed their opposition
all reference Fourth Amendment issues. The Public Defenders
all revenue will go to the General Fund
all similarly write in their
all stakeholders understand and trust
All support letters received were directed to the March 22 version of SB 1269: Driving School Association of California, Inc
all taxpayers on equal footing, the bill would eliminate the incentive of businesses to locate in these areas
all the upfront costs of CHP systems
All three write the following
all times, and that calls from California patients were routed
all walks of life
alleged impasse is reached promotes unnecessary delays
alleviate their concerns with the bill
alleviating staffing shortages and enhancing critical student
Alliance (DBSA) states in a
Alliance for Children's Rights, as a part of a coalition of organizations advocating on behalf of foster youth
Alliance writes
Alliance writes in a position
allocation formulas in existing law were a statewide compromise
allocation into separate tribal accounts and the requirement
allocation systems currently used for CalWORKs mental
allow a recent graduate to defer his or her loans
allow dealers to sell any used vehicle, no matter how imminent the threat
allow for continuity during these negotiations. The Association of California Healthcare Districts
allow it to respond more swiftly and use its resources more effectively
allow optometrists to make medical diagnoses and perform procedures
allow parkowners to prevent the sale of older mobilehomes not
allow private producers of perishable goods to sell their goods to
allow redistricting to be put on the ballot by neighborhoods
allow school boards to terminate teachers without cause for their
allow state agencies to consider conflict of interest issues on
allow the board not to pay compensation. Amendments were taken in the Water, Parks and Wildlife committee to clarify compensation rights remain
allow the current Governor to be the architect for the next
allow the state to continue exempting homeowners from paying state income
allow the trust to place a lien with the Board to directly recover the money in an efficient manner
allow the warrantless searches of businesses that create CDs, DVDs, or
allow this crucial information to be shared without interfering with an
allow this to occur. The assessment requirement as contained in this
allow untrained drivers to operate very heavy vehicles that require
allow youth to provide feedback on issues crucial to program success
allowed apportionment of the disability to other causes
allowed by the WIA. Moreover, my Administration is currently working
allowed more students to get the courses they need to expedite completion
allowed to raise the rent to street market levels before rent
allowed to receive contributions in excess of the number of apprentices
allowed to use one year's operation costs to provide
allowed under federal law if the state, in the future, elects
allowed. Reducing these regulations will directly affect the quality of care given to this vulnerable population
allowing a voter to remain inactive for 16 years, a voter will be less
allowing acupuncturists to diagnose for the purpose of providing acupuncture treatment grants acupuncturists
allowing an administrative law judge (ALJ) to determine whether the state
Allowing an association or fair to import out-of-country races
allowing an intact permit for locally licensed breeders does not allow
allowing any food 'producer' who is 'local' to a prison to sell to
Allowing authorizers to grant a renewal for less than five years
allowing commercial social networking sites, or third parties
Allowing contractors to face no repercussions while violating state requirements puts the
allowing courts to tailor relief as needed without imposing mandatory censorship. In short
allowing dependents to access the full range of educational
allowing DHCS to develop a single assessment tool without going through the regulatory process. CAHF also
allowing greater specialization among the firms. Businesses not directly
allowing immunizations to be performed outside the medical home
Allowing individuals to make a onetime request and then be emailed every
allowing insurers to obtain benefits under the bill merely by
Allowing multiple commercial providers to sell their own product would
allowing nonmedical personnel to administer insulin to pupils
allowing programs to focus on increasing
allowing rating factors to be approved within the rate filing
allowing some health plans to continue to operate in a
Allowing the "diagnostic" and "treatment" functions to be
allowing the AG to seek damages via an anti-gang injunction can
Allowing this authority to expire would not only result in less opportunities
Allowing transfer-based exemption for solar panels to be more easily recycled out of state
allowing vehicles with defective emission components on the market
allowing women to obtain an unlimited number of unauthorized
allows for a change in the systematic prevention model by allowing minors
allows for an alternative
Allows more flexibility in finding federal reimbursement
allows officers to circumvent arrests of minors who have committed a
allows retailers to conceal or remove sales transactions from
allows retirees to purchase coverage without pre-existing
Allows school staff that have strong bonds with a student to provide encouragement and
almost any behavior by a fellow employee found offensive, even
almost any case involving the false report of an emergency, currently
Along with a number of other organizations in support
along with consultation and
alongside other worthwhile policy changes in the budget process next
Alongside these legislative efforts
Alpine County and a number of county-based organizations
already available to regulators and consumers from the DMHC or
already be fully registered for the intended use. However, she
already been destroyed, and will result in additional caseload to the state's courts. Lastly, opponents
Already California's poorer citizens are more likely to be the victims of violent crimes
already comparable to oil producing
Alameda County Transportation Commission writes
Alameda County Transportation Improvement Agency (in concept)
Alarmingly, there are no age restrictions on the sale of these products, leaving young people, who are particularly vulnerable to deceptive marketing
already cover the threat to report a person as being illegally present in
already executed while a claim of exemption is pending. It creates an
already extremely difficult to find physicians willing to
already has been adequately addressed in California. California
already has established standards to prevent individuals with a criminal
already has the nation's highest R&D Credits, one which eliminates a
already have hospital privileges at the time a contract is
already have the discretion to impose counseling as a condition
already have the option of determining whether individual
already have the right to do so under a separate program in
already in California, therefore shifting a greater share of the state tax burden to individual taxpayers and business
already offered by portions of the used car market and because
already overly-litigious area
already plans to convene a joint workshop, with the CEC, with
already provide all medically necessary products and services
already provide coverage up to 250% FPL and five
already provide for a basic offense of leaving animals
already provided a structure to discourage the use of conflict minerals
already required, when procuring energy, to first acquire all
already result in HFP seeking reimbursement from
already struggling
already the community colleges' overuse of part-time faculty
also "practices-related" issues including "a company's
also a co-sponsor
also be tenants. The family members may or may not move
also been conceptual agreement about how to amend the bill to better
also cites the possible loss of federal funds
also decrease the backlog of IST defendants in jails awaiting bed space
also does not cause a person found not to be a SVP to spend more time in
also eliminates charitable bingo's ability to take advantage of modern
also ensures that officers in state developmental centers are under the direction of a qualified law enforcement officer with extensive prior
also expresses concerns regarding the bill's provisions regarding pay-for
also expresses opposition to taxpayer support for abortion
also has an
also hundreds of thousands of off-road diesel engines that will be subject
also important to provide a meaningful assessment to allow this to occur
also in a
Also in an
Also in an oppose unless amended position, the Service Employees International Union - California (SEIU)
Also in opposition, the California Welfare Directors Association notes
also in support if amended, and expresses concern over the administration
Also in support, REDF
Also in support, several tribal organizations, including the California
Also in support, the California Special Districts Association
Also in support, the Electronic Frontier Foundation
also increase confidence that money raised from
also loose their benefits upon the death of the judge, and they
also maintained that the program conflicts with the goal of encouraging a price-responsive demand response from large
also monitor private insurance carriers, are the appropriate
Also of concern is the provision that eliminates DJF's ability to extend
Also of note, in most of the state's rural counties, it is not uncommon that 90% of the land mass is publicly-owned (land owned by the [United
also oppose
also opposed
also question the exemption for research property, insofar as research and development already receives tax credits which are the highest of any
also reduce the number of joint meetings of the Director of the Youth Authority and the Youthful
also require the Superintendent of Public Instruction (SPI) to conduct an analysis annually, to contract
also required to develop recommendations to improve management practices
also requires regional transportation agencies and metropolitan planning organizations to complete a
Also requires the Board to develop standards by June 1, 2002, to assure the competent review in cases concerning
also writing
Also writing in support, co-sponsor 3 Strands Global Foundation
Also writing in support, SEIU California
also wrote in opposition to the same provisions AANP
Also, employers whose
Also, since the study was completed, 14 more
Also, there will be cases in which CDCR is unable to provide 45-day
AltaMed Health Services is pleased
Altering this system could impact both safety and quality and if lengthened, California will likely become the destination of expired eggs from other
alternative exists
alternative for certain targeted students for whom the traditional
alternative medicine is less expensive than the dispensed drug could be
alternative solvents. In June 2004, the ARB adopted a rule
alternative to incarceration as these inmates are still subject to the terms of their parole, including GPS. Further, inmates sentenced to
alternative to narrowing the scope of DOI five-year
alternative-fuel vehicles by aligning the state portion of the sales tax and the vehicle license fee with conventionally-fueled vehicles. They
alternatively
alternatives to viatical settlements, effect on public
Although BPH commissioners are not required to have any professional expertise, existing law
although CDA reportedly still
Although DIR advises potential applicants to be prepared to verify
Although each of these is limited in scope, they at least shed light on quality of care
Although federal regulations released by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services in April 2024 specify that
Although I am sensitive to the needs of CalWORKs
Although I understand 's desire to require uniform statewide
Although national rates of breastfeeding initiation are acceptable, the United
although opposition has not been removed
Although referring to the introduced version of the bill, the following opposition raises concerns about expanding the jurisdiction of the Small Claims Court, which the amended
Although sale and possession for sale are prohibited in California, possession of bath salts or spice is permitted. Put simply, these are
Although such objection may be understandable in the conventional parole
Although the elimination of course certification fees would result in special fund revenue loss, CDI
Although the law
Although the law clearly
Although the policies would all pay out according to the terms of the policies, the insured would be paying premiums unnecessarily
although the purpose of this database is identification, history contains numerous examples of governmental entities
Although there is no formal opposition to this
Although this new investment is a major step toward closing the digital divide, there is widespread concern among government officials and connectivity advocates about the best ways for
Although we support equalizing the penalty structures, we do not
alumni associations or example, to CPRA requirements will negatively
Alzheimer's Association to increase the availability of statewide information and planning about Alzheimer's disease over the next decade
Alzheimer's Association to update California's physician Guideline for Alzheimer's Disease Management to improve quality of care and support for individuals diagnosed with dementia
ambiguity. Every person denied a parole date will contest that
ambition of California's environmental goals will require a transformation of the economy and massive buildout of infrastructure
ambulance services is often a matter of life or death in rural areas
amenable to clarifying language on this point
amend the bill accordingly
amended April 6, which would have extended the sunset
amended during the legislative process and the final product required
amended in the wake of a statute and case law specifically allowing the introduction of expert testimony on IPB, then known as battered women's
amended language of AB1509 is not the right solution to those challenges and we respectfully
amended on file
amended on June 10, 2008
amended position but have not provided a letter yet
amended position, arguing the current funding structure of CURES is problematic. The Board pointed out that the funding
amended position, requesting that the bill be amended to require that
amended position. CCS would like the voting threshold changed
amended to a non-related subject
amended to another subject
amended to ensure that disadvantaged students receive appropriate support
amended to permit the Foundation to establish and consult
amended to retain the authority for out of state "physicians" to continue
amended to stipulate that the specified information is only required "if
amended. CHA
amended. CMA seeks an amendment to ensure the provider's
Amendment rights of legitimate newsgatherers. NNPA
amendments appear to address this issue. The ACEC also is also concerned
Amendments taken on August 19th related to the obligation to serve have also lead Southern California Gas Company (SoCalGas)
American Academy of Emergency Medicine (AAEM ) recognizes that current emergency medicine does not
American Academy of Emergency Medicine (AAEM) recognizes that current emergency medicine does not
American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network to remove barriers that disproportionately prevent Californians in underserved communities from accessing optimal cancer care
American Chemistry Council and petroleum industry groups who contest specific provisions of the bill and question the need for increased regulation and disclosure of fracking activities
American Civil Liberties Union and other privacy rights groups who are concerned about the potential compromise of personal data contained in RFID devices
American Civil Liberties Union of California indicates that it
American Civil Liberties Union of California: AB 907 is unnecessary
American Civil Liberties Union of California: Given that a person can already be convicted and punished for engaging in the conduct contemplated by the bill
American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists writes
American Diabetes Association (ADA) writes that it
American Family Defense Coalition. Prior Legislation: SB 1248 (Calderon) of 1993 (Died in Assembly Public Safety)
American Lung Association and a number of environmental and public health advocates who support CEC's energy efficiency work
American Pacific Fine Chemicals a company in Rancho Cordova
American Planning Association is
American Property Casualty Insurance Association and several other business and insurance organizations
American Safety Council and others
Americans and serve only to incarcerate disaffected persons
Americans are sentenced for crack cocaine violations compared to the sentencing of Caucasians and others for possession for sale of powder
Americans comprise only 6.4% of the California population, they account
Americans for a Safe Future, Committee to
ammunition and make it unlawful to sell or furnish ammunition to any
ammunition clearly demonstrates that they are using it responsibly. They
ammunition sales in California and provide a much-needed revenue stream
ammunition sales separately from other sales, the FAET does not result in
ammunition used in relatively few crimes overall in California, but the excellent safety record of licensed hunters who purchase most of this
ammunition. At the present time, there is no way to enforce this law. The individuals engaged in both the sale and purchase of ammunition are
ammunition. This has long been a standard business practice
among approved applications of citizens. The drop occurred
among other changes
among other concerns
among other groups
Among other things, CAL FIRE Local 2881
Among other things, CLTA
Among other things, CMA
Among other things, Oakland Privacy
Among other things, Stanford University
Among other things, the Association of California State Supervisors
Among other things, the Automated Vehicle Industry Association
Among other things, the CAL FIRE, Local 2881
Among other things, the California Association of Professional Scientists (CAPS), UAW
Among other things, the California Correctional Peace Officers Association
Among other things, the Californians for Equal Rights Foundation
Among other things, the coalition
Among other things, the OCTA
Among other things, the Retired Public Employees Associations
Among other things, the San Bernardino County Employees' Retirement Association (SBCERA)
Among other things, the State Superintendent of Public Instruction
Among other things, the Union of American Physicians and Dentists
Among other things, the United Domestic Workers (UDW), AFSCME Local 3930
Among other things, the University of California (UC)
Among others in opposition
Among others in support
among others. PCMA
among partners, partnerships and third parties. Most of these rules, however, can be varied by express agreement of the parties. Thus, RUPA will have its greatest impact on
among the larger plans, which has resulting in a few
among the state's 9,993 licensed and professional PIs
among users
amount of animal feed commodities used in California has increased substantially over the past decade, making California the largest manufacturer of animal feed in the United
amount of funding must be established for CURES so funds from
amount of state and county expense eligible for federal
amount, 80 percent paid for the salaries and benefits of 62
amount. The funds for these two claims will be appropriated from the departments' budgets
amounts are disclosed in violation of federal law
amounts are used to reimburse a variety of creditors and obligors, which
amounts in rebates if claims information could reveal the rebate the state is receiving, or whether the federal
amphetamines. Some, but not all, of the chemicals used to make them
amplifiers and emergency backup batteries stolen, resulting in the loss
Amputations are on the rise in the United
AMR also
an "online resource to find cannabis storefronts
an $8.9 million reserve. To use the Section 251 for non-Title
an across the board cut of 85 percent to the funding programs paid by
an actual preexisting condition, if that condition is in some way
an additional burden on ratepayers to fund the institute
an address list of registered sex offenders. Before 2003, the public
an adequate source of funding for their employment and will help to meet
an agency that does not oversee food safety within California
an amount up to $75. Unfortunately, the fee is insufficient to cover the actual cost of the inspections
an apparent opposition coalition (CA Chamber of Commerce
an applicant for good cause. A good cause determination should be made by
an arena
An array of law enforcement organizations
an assumed corresponding 20% reduction in child
an attempt to address these concerns
an attorney
an attorney who
an attorney who represents
an elected official is more responsive to the voters than one
an email address and allowing the creation of profiles and communication
an employer to require every affected employee to verify by
An essential paradigm shift in AB 1705 is that we go beyond placing students directly into transfer-level English and also provide them with appropriate academic
an ethnically diverse composition
an exclusive contract, but the patients of physicians who
an expungement motion pursuant to Penal Code Section 1203.4. However, pursuant to that statute, the Department of Justice (DOJ) must still
an extension with the employing agency, there will not be an available
An extensive coalition of supporting organizations
an important distinction since crimes must be proved beyond a reasonable
an important step toward providing mothers with
an increase of more than 45 percent for this program
an increasing number of older adults will become dependent upon money management
An industry coalition that includes TechNet and California Chamber of Commerce
an inmate may be a SVP, the director refers the person to the Department of Mental Health (DMH) for evaluation. There is a
an inmate may be an SVP, the director refers the person to DMH for
An inmate taking a hostage
an inquiry to determine, at the time of renewal, if the home poses risks that the insurer won't
An integral part of the CCR are California's three designated regional cancer registries which provide critical
an interest in the gaming legislation and which appeared on
an offer is accepted when received by the insurer. Second, Consumers Union suggests restoring disclosure language
an ongoing drought
an ongoing funding source for research, development, and deployment of clean fuels and advanced vehicle technologies. They further
An opponent of the bill, CDSS
An opposition coalition led by the National Diversity Coalition and National Asian American Coalition
an option to expand its employment services network
an organization comprised of local child
an organization founded to combat San Mateo County's spay-and-neuter laws
an organization that provides federal- and state-funded counseling and advocacy for Medicare
an original seller
an overcharge would not be subject to further civil or
an SVP. Upon such a finding, the person is held for two years, with
an unacceptable extent, preempt efforts for the more stringent statewide
an unfamiliar SNF is traumatic for the elderly, and that
an unreasonable risk to businesses resulting from an irresponsibility
an untested legal regime for those that work in our homes
an unwarranted intrusion into the local agency property
analysis is flawed, and the consumer protection, credentialing, peer review, accreditation, board certification and disciplinary provisions are flawed
analysis of symptoms and biological systems and is an activity
Analysis Prepared by : Sherry Novick / HUM. S. / (916 )319-2247
Analysis Prepared by Bruce Jennings / E.S. & T.M. / (916)319-3965
Analysis prepared by David Whitlow / aelc / 322-5249
Analysis prepared by David Whitlow / aerca / 322-5249
analysis prepared by the Assembly PERSS Committee
analysis, and, at the time this analysis was prepared, no parties had
analysis, it must be inferred that the AD concluded that the new Labor Code
analysis, or work on legal language without giving public notice
analysis, particularly if the analysis isn't conducted by a qualified
analysis, the annual Validating Acts protect investors from
analysis-to ensure penalty communications are adequately detailed. It is
and $5.2 million from the California Children and Families First Trust Fund (Proposition 10)
and (2) any other public social service. Public social
and (2) that oocyte donors be reimbursed for all of their
and (2) the frequency of adverse
and (c) creating adequate penalties for unauthorized diversions and violations
and (d) a recent RAND report cited by the author as justification for the program is not as conclusive as asserted
and (d) cemeteries are expensive undertakings and the state might better serve the veterans community by increasing existing benefits or reinstating former benefits
and 2) any fixed costs
and 2027-28 for state administration
and 3) THC is known to remain in the body for up to 4 weeks following ingestion of cannabis
and 6) affects circumstances that are more appropriately addressed through collective bargaining at the local level
and 6."Vaccine Adverse Events Reporting System data show 528
and 80% for plans with a 12-month waiting period. CADP further
and 82% report being emotionally and physically exhausted. The top reasons behavioral health professionals indicated for leaving their positions included insufficient staffing
and a 'No' vote to overturn the legislation but
and a broad coalition of environmental organizations write
and a coalition of bicycle and pedestrian advocacy groups writing
and a lack of training opportunities
and a lower standard of care for the most vulnerable people in society. EMS administrators and EMS medical directors
and a strong foundation of clinical partnerships
and access challenges posed by the over 12 million Californians enrolled in the Medi-Cal program
and accountability to this powerful and opaque industry to address multiple issues identified in a scathing Federal Trade Commission report on the business practices of PBMs
and address prior operational issues. However
and administrative and technical
and agricultural organizations serving the Pajaro River watershed
and agriculture write
and air quality groups writing
and allowing CCAs to participate in BioMAT would
and allowing compensation for fertility purposes while banning it for research serves a false value
and among those is the creation and maintenance of a charity
and anti-poverty advocates
and are pleased
and as such spiritual and educational life is not neatly separated. They
and as the state aims to reduce the inmate population, it is critical to effectively treat the mentally ill population within the penal system
and assistance for the blind
and assistance needed so that all those who are eligible for these tax credit programs are provided with the adequate
and Associates notes its
and b) a $188 million augmentation for a new
and be able to deliver the ticket to the buyer consumer. (2) By allowing a ticket to be posted for resale on its website
and before selling a ticket
and brokers/agents
and business organizations
and by prescribing license. (B) The overall year-by-year change in opioid prescriptions
and California consumers. For instance
and California takes full advantage of federal funding
and California Union of Safety Employees
and Californians facing food insecurity face unprecedented wildfires
and Californians for Economic Justice write
and Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids write
and candidates receive
and CAPPS
and certain prosthetic and orthotic devices
and charging plan sponsors more than the PBM reimbursed pharmacies. Blue Shield of California
and Charles Swenson
and chemical properties as
and chief probation officers sent a joint letter requesting amendments to
and Children's Advocacy Institute (Sponsors) Bar
and civil rights groups
and clarifying language
and clarifying language." The Urban Peace Institute (Institute)
and clean energy organizations writes to express strong
and CMG/Caliva
and Commercial Workers
and communities of color that have historically been excluded from many state programs
and community
and community advocates
and Community Child Care Council of Sonoma County
and community leaders express strong
and community organizations wrote
and community-based
and complexity
and Conservation District
and construction
and consume limited resources
and Consumer Attorneys of California
and consumer organizations are
and consumer rights advocacy organizations
and continues to support and train local students in science, technology, engineering and mathematics disciplines
and continuums of care that receive state funding to address homelessness to include domestic violence survivors and unaccompanied women within the vulnerable populations for whom specific system
and Cooperative of American Physicians)
and Coordination Center
and Correctional Association Chief Probation Officers of California
and cost of that work. California Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons writes in opposition to the requirement for 52 cases upon initial application and renewal
and could jeopardize fossil natural gas service reliability. I encourage the CPUC
and create safe communities
and criminal justice and reentry issues are
and criminal justice and reentry issues were
and CSAC write that their organizations will continue
and d) "clean-up" language to existing law as recommended by the Judicial Council. The Institute writes
and D.W. Young Construction Company
and December 31
and deeming the claim approved for missing a response deadline puts public agencies, and therefore taxpayers, at financial risk
and degree attainment by strengthening the partnership between our institutions and the
and Department of Water Resources
and discussion on why it is important to create new opportunities to assist individuals who face barriers to employment into the workforce
and disease specific groups write
and disposal considerations. PCPC
and DMHC's help center as critical rights all Medi-Cal managed care enrollees deserve. WCLP
and DMV with additional costs and effort
and doctors are not adequately prepared to treat and
and documentation
and does not
and DOJ's California Justice Information Services Division anticipates staffing costs to initiate and
and drive independent pharmacies out of business by reimbursing them below cost while favoring their own pharmacies. The sponsors
and drug testing in the juvenile system. Third
and economically." ISRI
and educational
and educational outcomes - and its purpose is
and elderly
and elected officials
and Electronic Transaction Association are
and eliminating duplicative reporting
and employment
and employment assistance-as well as
and energy developers
and energy groups writes "Allowing the fees that
and ensure California continues to receive hundreds of millions of dollars of federal funding
and ensure that candidates running for these positions have at least minimal
and ensures that schools and agencies are equipped
and ensuring training that incorporates evidence-based instructional strategies that will also
and environmental justice advocates
and environmental justice organizations writing
and environmental organizations
and environmental professionals
and environmental programs
and Epidemiology Coordinating Council
and equipment and supplies
and evidence-based trauma-focused therapies
and facility services
and failure to raise issues on direct appeal. On August 15
and families impacted by the disease have to navigate a complex system of public and private
and Federal Enterprise Communities
and fiscal condition will provide valuable data to better understand the challenges the labor and delivery units face and will enable targeted interventions
and for organic growers
and for that reason we are pleased
and for these reasons CALA
and for these reasons we
and formularies
and four individual constituents
and FQHCs and RHCs have benefited from these additional investments
and Friends of Murder Victims
and funding streams that make up the foster care system and how those services and
and further request that peer
and Geologists also
and guidelines
and Gynecologists
and Halgren San Francisco Superior Court Judges: Bolanos
and have used these additional funds to improve care and address operational needs. Recently
and having flexibility in the times of day and days of week allow the centers to provide
and Head Start was to help
and Health Navigator programs the resources and tools to effectively
and Health Navigators provide a host of health related advice and
and health plans and insurers. Supporters include the California Medical Association
and Health Systems
and help
and higher education advocates jointly wrote to the committee
and Hopp San Bernardino Superior Court Judge Pacheco San Diego District Attorney Bonnie Dumanis San Diego Superior Court Judges: Dato
and Hospice Care of Santa Barbara (VNHC)
and hospitals will need to understand the specific measures and related outcomes to focus their reporting. Noting hospitals' long-standing commitments to diversity and equity
and Housing
and housing and EV charging groups
and housing justice organizations
and Houston
and Humane Society of Sonoma County
and hundreds of such individuals
and I strongly
and IATSE Local 892 Costume Designers Guild
And if you
and impacts to natural resources
and important agricultural land protected by a Williamson Act contract to exit their contracts solely on the basis of claiming insufficient surface or groundwater available
and improve the overall quality of voter-approved public policy
and improving upon them
and in cases of massive financial fraud, where all victims of the crime have not yet been identified at the time of sentencing
and in particular
and inclusion like California licensees
and inconsistently
and inconvenience related to participating in research
and inconvenience. ASRM
and increase public contracting
and individual dentists
and individuals
and informatics. CHA requests an allocation of funds from the Legislature or Department of Health Care Services for grants to cover these additional implementation costs. The bill's sponsors
and instead broaden their appeal to bring people into the city and
and instructional programs that
and Insurance Companies
and International Council of Shopping Centers
and introducing unnecessary administrative complexity. Further
and is a strategy that CALCASA emphatically
and is already staffing up
and is anticipated to continue to lag until at least 2012. Although
and is asking the legislature
and is encouraged to
and is expected to worsen. According to CANP
and it
and it continues to find little
and it does not require SNFs to
and it has been a pleasure
and it is for these reasons CHEAC
and it is for these reasons we
and it is why I signed Senate Bill 905 (Caballero) in 2022 as part of that year's Climate Action Package
and it required the "objective findings" of the AMA Guides. Supporters
and it will continue the state's commitment to limit the number of gambling facilities operated in the state. "In the past
and Keller California Appellate Court Justice Stewart Contra Costa Superior Court Judge Mockler Los Angeles Superior Court Judges: Sloan
and Kern County Superintendent of Schools Christine Lizardi Frazier
and kidnapping. On August 20
and lease-leaseback school facility projects. The bill also makes these provisions consistent for all three of the project methods. They also
and Legal Aid at Work are
and less than one percent of school district are exercising the authority provided by SB 707. 5) Prior Legislation
and Lexor Builders write in opposition to a prior version of the bill: "We
and Lexor Builders write in opposition: ″We
and limiting the focus of inspections of complaints or adverse events to the specific areas of the facility affected by the complaint or adverse events. 13
and local
and local governments to provide crucial
and local gun violence data and problem analysis
and local laws. Finally
and location
and long gaps between regular inspections may all increase the risk of complications for dialysis patients. The United Nurses Associations of California/Union of Health Care Professionals (UNAC/UHCP)
and Marin Builders' Association
and marine engine manufacturers
and Member Second District George Runner
and Mental Health Advocacy Systems
and Mental Health America of California write in coalition that they share the authors' interest in expanding the workforce available
we must
we strongly
While we
Opponents also
in an
A coalition of employer organizations, including the California Chamber of Commerce
and America's Health Insurance Plans (AHIP)
and meteorology may severely limit the utility of installing a fence-line monitor
and Miller Brewing Company
and minimize fugitive methane emissions from fossil natural gas infrastructure and to deploy cost-effective leak abatement investments and programs. Currently
and moral concerns and concerns that this legislation does not allow for "aligning a child's or nonminor dependent's assigned sex at birth and gender identity." Writing in opposition
and moral ideology that forms the basis of this proposed legislation. It seeks to establish by law a state-sanctioned viewpoint that gender identity and sexuality are arbitrary
and More
and more than twice as likely to result in overdose death after treatment ends
and more. Given the sensitive nature of food labels
and morphine milligram equivalents from the years 2019 to 2023
and morphine milligram equivalents per year in the years 2019 to 2023
and most others to completely lose faith in the original intent that the K-12 SWP be administered
and much needed post-release
and Municipal AFL-CIO
and Municipal Employees (AFSCME
and Municipal Employees AFL-CIO
and Municipal Employees Local 3930
and Municipal Employees National Association of Social Workers
and Municipal Employees. AFL-CIO
and NARAL Pro-Choice California express
and National Association of Counsel for Children
and National Federation of Independent Business
and Native American communities
and nearly 4
and neonatal and infant care
and no justification
and nonprofits write
and North Kern Water Storage District
and now it is time for the Legislature to codify its work and
and numerous indivduals
and numerous individuals SB 1148 (Burton)
and numerous other real estate brokerage firms, realtor associations, and individuals
and numerous Westwood residents
and Oakland Mayor Jean Quan
and often steer patients to their own affiliated mail-order or specialty pharmacies. Recent mergers between major PBMs and insurers (CVS/Aetna
and one individual constituent
and ongoing costs likely in the low-tens of millions of dollars
and ordinary citizens who have been affected by the evolution of the cannabis industry" also writes
and organized labor writes
and other
and other climate impacts. Similarly
and other entities. There is no known opposition
and other forestry related groups
and other governmental officials and organizations representing the international border region
and other harms. The coalition further
and other health care
and other individuals
and other labor and health care organizations also
and other legal documents that
and other mandated reporters to offer
and other nonprofit groups write collectively in specific opposition to requiring the cannabis excise tax to remain at 15% effective January 1
and other public-serving amenities that enhance the trail experience and
and other state agencies to continue existing efforts to further minimize methane emissions from the fossil natural gas sector thoughtfully and pragmatically
and other state agencies to prioritize strategies to reduce methane emissions
and other support-often without personal savings or
and other supporters cite the availability of IMR
and other supporters generally
and other valuable information to both the consumer and other industry professionals throughout the food distribution supply chain. Much thought and research go into each label
and other workforce programs that
and others offer similar statements
and others state in opposition that it: a) needlessly expands involuntary care for individuals in a restrictive and confined environment beyond what is allowed in current law
and others who depend upon activities at the ports
and others who expect to rely increasingly on recycled water
and our laws should recognize that harm and
and our policy
and outreach and engagement are not reimbursable services
and over half
and Pacific Islander Diabetes Coalition American Federation of State
and patient safety
and Pet Valu and Pet Supermarket collectively write as
and pharmaceutical benefit managers
and physical design features
and physician medical groups undertake. VSP seeks an amendment to clarify that "private equity group" does not include VSP's acquisition program. The California Optometric Association (COA)
and Planned Parenthood Affiliates of California - write
and Porterville College
and potential conflicts with AB 32 implementation
and potential ongoing Proposition 98 General Fund costs to provide apportionment funding
and POUs writing
and Private Educational Network
and Project Minnie writes
and promotes involvement in their children's schools to better
and Proposition 30 requires legislation enacted after September 30
and protecting workers in our fields. Perhaps most importantly
and provide essential academic
and provide other accounting
and provides little to no
and provides that every individual possesses a fundamental right of privacy with respect to personal reproductive decisions
and providing additional flexibility
and providing equitable
and Public Conservators (CA|PA|PG|PC)
and Public Conservators are
and Public Conservators California Judges Association (in part
and Public Conservators Central Valley Long Term
And public roadways hence reducing user conflicts and increasing
and public-service benefit derived from group homes
and pushes families away from the help they need instead of inviting them to move toward a community that has
and ratepayer advocates
and receive ongoing support
and receives
and recreational fishing groups
and Recreational Off-Highway Vehicle Association (ROHVA)3
and reduce the accumulation of unpaid and uncollectible child
and reestablish a foundation that
and Region 8 States Council of the United Food and Commercial AB 279 (Wayne) Workers
and Region AB 279 (Wayne) 8 States Council of the United Food and Commercial Workers
and Regional Council of Rural Counties
and released from prison September 5
and reliable is reasonable given the attention placed today upon the importance of identity protection by government and business alike. Ironically
and religious liberty..." The Center alludes to lawsuits challenging the unconstitutionality of AB 1888
and Require DHS to apply for an extension of the pilot
and Resource Owners
and respectfully
and retiree representatives
and Rio Vista
and risk increasing costs for gas customers in the near term
and Riverside County
and Rural County Representatives of California
and Rural County Representatives of California - are
and Sacramento
and sadly is found in every region
and San Bernardino
and San Diego Coastkeeper
and San Diego Gas & Electric - jointly
and San Diego Gas and Electric) are
and San Francisco Bay Area regions
and San Francisco Unified School District
and San Luis Obispo Counties, Inc
and Santa Clara County
and Santa Clara Valley Chapter
and Santa Clara Valley Chapter of the American Immigration Lawyers Association
and school psychologists to provide quality
and seat number represented by each ticket
and second, the process by which
and several hospitals have taken an
and several individual school districts
and several individuals
and several local chambers of commerce and agricultural associations
and several other organizations
and Shasta
and Silverado Vineyards
and Smart Justice California, a Project of Tides Advocacy
and so APCIA must
and so that residents have a dedicated institution specifically and exclusively designed
and SoCal Chapter
and Sonoma
and Sonoma Counties
and Soul of the Wolf Wildlife Sanctuary and Educational Foundation
and Southwest Santa Clara Valley
and specialty care providers also
and specifically on private land
and staff serving HCBA Waiver recipients
and Stallion Springs Community Services District
and state and local child
and State Board of Equalization
and State Building & Construction Trades Council of California each write
and State Building and Construction Trade Council of California
and states
and Stop Hidden Taxes Coalition
and Strada Investment
and strong
and students generally
and subject only to personal desire. In fact
and such a position may require additional
and Sudden Cardiac Arrest Foundation
and Sungevity
and Sunrise Recreation & Park District
and Tahoe Resource Conservation District
and Tarzana Treatment Centers, Inc
and Tax Collectors
and Tax Collectors, California State Association of Counties
and TechNet are
and technology systems development
and Tehachapi
and that
and that "the intention is to promote the Armenian religion
and that "the real issue becomes law enforcement's willingness to enforce those laws
and that a General Fund appropriation may be needed if the DROS Account cannot
and that AB 57 "has the potential to destabilize the consensus dynamics evolved over four decades of history of the MTC
and that in difficult budget years
and that many of these projects will not be ready prior to January 1
and that monies have reverted to the GF
and that number continues to rise
and that our government provide institutional
and that pharmacies would be free to charge whatever amount they wanted. PCMA also objects to provisions mandating how PBMs are reimbursed by payers and the prohibition on spread pricing contracts
and that the bill gives an Inspector General authority to investigate allegations of misconduct by providers, usurping the role of licensing boards
and that the bill in print does not
and that the funds have reverted to the GF. 4) The two
and that the funds have reverted to the GF. The two
and that the passage of Proposition 36 made clear that California's approach to addition must balance
and that the passage of Proposition 36 made clear that California′s approach to addition must balance
and that they
and the additional staffing needed
and the Administration
and the American Bakers Association
and the American Plastics Council
and the Asian Law Alliance explain their
and the Association of California Life and Health Insurance Companies were formerly
and the California Association of Joint Powers Authorities (CAJPA) raise additional issues
and the California Board of Accountancy write their
and the California Builder Properties Association
and the California Chamber of Commerce
and the California Grocers Association
and the California Hawaii State Conference of the NAACP all
and the California Hotel and Lodging Association
and the California Manufacturers & Technology Association collectively
and the California Orthotic and Prosthetic Association
and the California Pan-Ethnic Health Network
and the California Retailers Association are
and the California School Nurses Association
and the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids write jointly
and the Capital Resource Institute are all opposed to this expansion domestic partnerships
and the Chamber of Progress
and the City of Pismo Beach
and the Coalition for Clean Air
and the committee has not heard from
and the Committee has not received removal of opposition letters) -- END
and the Consumer Attorneys of California write
and the Counties of El Dorado
and the County Behavioral Health Directors Association of California (CBHDA) write that they "regretfully express that we remain
and the County Health Executives Association of California are
and the County of Imperial
and the current fees and license revenue do not
and the Dental Hygiene Board of California write
and the Economy American Federation of State
and the emotional toll of the job. 4) Oppose. CBHDA notes there is already a catastrophic workforce crisis that is significantly impacting patient care
and the Gubbio Project also
and the hospital services delivered. CHA is also concerned about hospitals' ability to collect related outcomes
and the L.A. Unified School District
and the Law libraries of Orange, San Diego, San Francisco, Fresno, Calaveras and San Bernardino Counties
and the Marina del Rey Bait Company
and the Medical Imaging & Technology Alliance also
and the National Center for Lesbian Rights
and the National Center for Youth Law are all
and the North San Joaquin Water Conservation District
and The Outdoor Sportsmen's Coalition of California
and the Pechanga Band of Luiseño Indians
and the Port of Oakland
and the Purchaser Business Group on Health
and the Riverside Sheriffs Association
and the Rue & Forsman Ranch each write
and the Rural County Representatives of California (RCRC)
and the Rural County Representatives of California (RCRC) have taken an
and the San Francisco Bar Pilots
and The San Mateo County Telecommunications Authority
and the Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society each write
and the Stuart Foundation
and the United Food and Commercial Workers Union Western States Council write
and the United Trustees Association were
and the very real physical and psychological differences between children and adults. "And the Pacific Juvenile Defender Center
and the Vietnam Veterans of California
and the Western States Council of Sheet Metal Workers are
and Time for Change Foundation
and to determine the timeline required for SNFs to install new equipment. The California Hospital Association is not opposed but writes with concern
and to impose more specific requirements on hospitals to ensure
and to protect our children and communities from the proliferation of registered sex offenders living in residential neighborhoods
and to provide administrative
and to require the Bar to
and to seek mental health
and tobacco pipes that can be used for smoking marijuana and other illegal drugs. Therefore
and together we can continue
and Torrance League of California Cities
and translation services
and transportation authority's write
and Transportation Workers Local 105
and trauma-informed
and tribal organizations and citizens' groups
and Trusts and Estates Law Section of the State Bar of California
and UDW/AFSCME
and United Nurses Association of California/Union of Health Care Professionals are
and United Parcel Service
and Unitek College have a
and University of California Student Association
and update rules and incentives for processors
and Urban Corps of the Inland Empire
and Urban Counties of California have a
and urge the Legislature to examine the effects of new legislation or regulation on access to care prior to implementation of any changes to current statute
and Utility Workers of America
and utilizing local funding sources to partner with the state on the advanced construction of several projects
and Valley Contractors Exchange
and various other local PALs and police departments too numerous to list here
and venue operator's posted terms and conditions. (e) Utilize multiple Internet Protocol addresses
and Veterans Democratic Club of Sacramento County
and veterans who spend their nights on the streets. A coalition of California's leading affordable housing
and Walnut Los Angeles County Division of the League of California Cities
and warn that similar reasoning may apply to commercial misappropriation claims where expressive use is alleged. These constitutional concerns are significant but overstated in this context. First
and waste managers
and water - representation
and water and agricultural associations
and Waukena Joint Union Elementary
and we
and we are
and we are excited
and we ask you
and we respectfully
and we urge the Committee
and WeDrop
and West Kern Community College Districts
and Western Center on Law & Poverty (supporting bill as introduced) AB 891 (Goldberg)
and Western Center on Law & Poverty)
and Western Center on Law & Poverty, Inc
and Western Concrete Pumping
and Western Council of Construction Consumers
and Western States Council of Sheet Metal Workers are
and Western States Petroleum Association
and what resources and
And while CCCA generally
And while CCEEB
and will likely be able to cover its administrative costs through the Financial Protection Fund until the program is able to collect adequate fee revenue
and William S. Hart Union High
and Wine Institute
and working conditions for classified workers while also focusing on our attention on adequate staffing and proper
and would depend on the level
and would not be able
and would state the intent of the Legislature
and would take a
and write to make clear that our
and writes
and Xerox
and Xilinx
and Yolo County
and Youth Ventures
and Yuba City
and, (c) delete
and, 4) hospitals should be included as qualified applicants for purposes of access to non-public data access
and, 7) Other technical changes to conform with PPACA
and, 8) Amend overly prescriptive utilization review criteria
and, advances independent research, a core component of effective criminal justice reform
and, AFSCME
and, allowing users to see all filing activities related to the business over the long term
and, b) Specify the allocation and use of revenue stabilization funds appropriated in the 2009-10 Budget Act for local child support agencies to
and, b) Unredeemed bonds - 15 claims for $294,003
and, c) Concern for family members: Opposition also seeks to
and, Construction Materials Association of California
and, Consulting Engineers and Land Surveyors of California
and, Crown Imports
and, d) The bill may infringe brand owners' legitimate First
and, D) The prescription is issued at a time when a patient's regular or preferred pharmacy is likely to be closed
and, f) $15,615 to the Department of Transportation to reimburse a revolving
And, if those
And, letters from homebrewers throughout the State
and, Lucky Derby
and, MEDIC First Aid International, Inc
and, numerous letters from homebrewers throughout the State
and, Regional Council of Rural Counties
and, required the "objective findings" of the AMA Guides. Supporters
and, Sacramento Builders' Exchange
and, Sacramento Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce
and, Summit State Bank
and, Yuba Sutter Domestic Animal Disaster Assistance
and/or for multiple home care employers. CAHSAH
And, numerous individuals throughout the state
And, numerous letters from homebrewers throughout the State
Angeles District Attorney's Office, and former
Angeles is a unique situation because it is the only designated local
Angeles, New York, Washington D.C.Occidental Power, San
Angeles. The study found that approved applications of legal noncitizen families for Medi-Cal and Temporary
Angles, Merced, Stanislaus, and Ventura, no local agency agreed to become
Animal Physical Therapy Coalition (APTC), which describes itself as a grassroots coalition of physical therapists, veterinarians, registered veterinary technicians, and consumers
Animal Physical Therapy Coalition to codify recommendations of a task force convened by the Veterinary Medical Board to study the issue of animal physical therapy
Animal rights organizations have been joined by
animal shelters, rescue organizations and high-volume dog breeders
Animal welfare groups write
Animal welfare organizations collectively write as
annexation creates a substantial fiscal disincentive for existing cities
annexation of PG&E territory that is a greenfield or existing
annexations by existing publicly owned utilities are exempt
announcement establishing the Interagency Task Force on
annual budgets that are often not adopted before academic and enrollment
annual contract to be increased beyond the FY 2003-04 level to
annual gross gaming revenues would need to be in excess of $400 million annually for the General Fund to receive any revenue. Industry projections suggest this threshold will be met
annual list of gun shows the applicant plans to promote, pay an annual
annual magnitude of these
annual report on pilots and vessel movements
annual report on pilots and vessel movements and a financial summary. That
annual report on pilots and vessel movements. That bill is on the Assembly Floor
annual reviews, or until the Director of DMH finds the person is no
annual reviews, or until the Director of DSH finds the person is no
annually (General Fund or special fund)
annually at the firm level, which it
annually for one staff position to provide administrative
annually for the State Water Board in subsequent years from future potential legislative requirements
annually for two positions
annually for two staff positions
annually in unbudgeted costs
annually thereafter for forensic accounting analysis experts
annually thereafter to EMSA for an executive officer and administrative and legal staff
annually to DPR
annually, including $9 billion in sales tax exemptions, it is nearly
anonymously to avoid "?retaliatory measures by the Department
Another "apples and oranges" example is the difference
Another benefit, as required by California public policy, is replenishing
Another example that
another exception to Proposition 13's 1% limit on ad valorem property
another four years. The bill would not change the provision in current law that allows for a special
Another issue of concern is GO-Biz' ability to review highly technical
another large certifying entity approved by the state to certify SUD counselors
another matter, given that construction is a highly litigious
Another opposition group, the California Marine Affairs and Navigation Conference, a coalition of local governments and special districts
another organization
another step toward legalizing marijuana use and is concerned
another task force using public funds. Additionally, CCS
another toxic burden to our already over-chemicalized and toxin
ANSI coordinates the private sector standardization system for the United
Anthem Blue Cross is opposed as amended, and
anti-competitive and could facilitate consumer fraud and that there is no value in publicly reporting rates at which
anti-competitive and discriminates among communication
anticipates (under the Governor's Budget) spending $662
anticipates economic activity resulting from increased development of renewable energy projects in the Central Valley and elsewhere
antiquated and confusing. CMA
any additional bonds when the state is already facing almost $50 billion
any applicable lesser offenses. It is not clear whether the Legislature can - or should - stipulate that an offense may
any crime of violence
any difficulties that Lake County may experience in
any entity that "arranges" for shorthand reporting services. As such, a
any extension or renewal of these PLAs should include the skilled and trained workforce requirement. Opponents
any greenfield annexation by a publicly owned utility created
any laboratory test or procedure and to perform any procedures (including surgical procedures) in order to diagnose and treat eye conditions
any one of specified conditions is met or the report is
Any person or company that assists in securing or actually secures or
any potential discrimination among their sponsored BSA troops may be
any subsequent legislation on pollinator health should incorporate the most influential stressors... This coalition
any surcharges if they do not engage in practices that
anyone seeking to challenge a city's at-large election system
anyone who works for a living, deserve fair pay and safe working
AOT programs help patients
Apart from these legal ramifications, the logistical problems that would
apparatus were originally enacted to ensure that such
apparent that AB 646 was drafted in a manner that called into question
appeal if they have been denied reasonable accommodation or
appeal the phase out of a given product for a given use
appeal to DOJ to be excluded from the Megan's Law Web site, based on
appeals is a more cost-effective method of dealing with
appear on the next statewide election ballot and, if enacted by the voters, would take effect as soon as the election results are certified
appear that if SB 1591 passed into law, the DOI would
appear to be aligned with CMA's suggestions, CMA was still evaluating their
appear to be any reason to explicitly exclude them from
appearing on a loss history report received from a loss
appears on , lines 13-16. As indicated above (background), initial treatment services are paid for
appellate court decision that held the police department was required to
appellate court may conclude that, because
appellation wines. Opponents suggest that these brands simply
applaud their efforts. Out of those efforts, it has
applicable as the bill was completely redrafted this year on
applicable to a particular site sets a bad precedent
applicable to its insurance transactions." The State
applicable to shorthand reporters and shorthand reporting corporations to
applicable to situations where a plea was entered hence no
applicant in writing within 30 working days of receipt of a
applicant is approved and builds infrastructure for new industrial
applicant that are beyond the minimum required for admissions
applicant who does not heed the calling of an underserved
applicant who has a conviction that has been dismissed pursuant
applicant's CTE courses with courses taken by another
applicant's health and prohibits post-claims underwriting
applicant's work experience when interviewing or reviewing a candidate
applicants are declined coverage
Applicants who are denied a license should receive a written notice which
application cost of $44 on to job applicants
application is made. (B) The applicant has been subjected to formal discipline by a
application is made. However, prior disciplinary action by a
application of the bill risks unsettling cases where documentation has
application of theory
application to be used by all hospitals. The Governor
application to CalCAP
application would put the state in the position of providing high
application, authorizing the resentencing of third-strikers serving life
applications and documents, and (2) avoid mailing a copy of benefit
applications as approved if local entities did not complete
applied fairly to all people and that all drug violators should have the same opportunity for treatment and rehabilitation
applied, an employee has two options when contesting the invocation of the AWOL statute, an informal request with the department, or a request
apply for a waiver from the SBE upon a vote of its governing board after
apply for state LIHTC, the Treasurer hopes to eliminate the need to
apply to any instructional time violations for fiscal
apply to cash balance plans. They note under the bill, the Board is
apply to online transactions, was wrongly decided. The decision allows
appoint to the Commission to only those individuals who have
appointments. It is reasonable to think that with fewer BHPH options, these consumers will seek other transportation solutions
Appraisal Institute in order to make it easier for real estate appraisers to renew their licenses and pay fees to OREA
Appraisal Institute, an organization of licensed real estate appraisers
appraisal process and that independent property appraisal
appreciate the heroism of our ocean lifeguards and commend their efforts
apprenticeship programs to make sure that currently unemployed workers get
approach . In 1992, the Auditor General issued a highly
approach also reduces the county and local agencies' risk and results in fewer litigation
approach be used. CMA suggests that school-entry immunization mandates
approach of the Medi-Cal county mental health system. The opposition
approach to this issue, as it ignores the need for a partnership between
approach will benefit the communities they serve. Individual HCDs cite
approach. CHA writes that the prohibition of relocating
approaches for use by county CalWORKs case managers and (2) include specific issues in child welfare
appropriate advice to owners when these issues arise
appropriate community need
appropriate comparisons as charges and services would be
appropriate financing is available to begin building the project
appropriate for the Legislature to direct bond funds to ensure all
appropriate in California
appropriate in only the most egregious cases
appropriate interventions and treatments
appropriate penalty
appropriate penalty for failure to make public a charge
appropriate policies and procedures for evaluation of administrative and supervisory employees
appropriate purposes
appropriate to allow such a finding as evidence in VCGCB
appropriate treatment
appropriate. In addition to saving newborns, it saves the birth parents
appropriately address specific questions on the transition timelines and completion dates. However, immediate expansion of the demonstration to all 58 counties before the pilot for the statewide
appropriately sentenced on the basis of the violence involved in
appropriation for the cost of the study
Appropriations also noted that codifying CCCI in statute could help legitimize future General Fund requests
Appropriations analysis
Appropriations Committee also
approval determination and issue a certification for sale. In fact, ARB issues approval determinations within 90 days for over 96 percent
approval of federal Medicaid reimbursement must be obtained before it can
approval of violence during labor disputes by holding no one
approval process
approval process to be extended to mortgage guaranty
approval process, thereby rushing the process and inadvertently
approval, be appropriate
approval. Over time, these obligations will be repaid by property taxes
approvals will likely be significant. They
approve a measure that results in significant reimbursable state mandated
approve/disapprove underwriting guidelines, but
approved by a federal or state agency. However, even this modest
approved by only 65 votes, but 1,700 ballots were invalidated for lack of the voter's signature, about 20% of the total votes cast. The HJTA
approved emission control systems. Failure to properly display a label
approved if the PUC fails to act within a specified time
approved job training programs, like Youthbuild, where they receive
approved spending plan." UC indicates that the state GF augmentations
Approving this amendment would also
approximate costs to various special funds
approximately $8,000-$12,000. Is $25,000 too high a
approximately 18,600 in 2010. Although the area is patrolled by the California Highway Patrol, Orange County Sheriff's Department and the Coto de Caza security force, the sponsor states the community
approximately 20,000 FTE students
Approximately 25 hospices in California
Approximately 27 scientists from the University of San
Approximately 3 dozen individuals and businesses, primarily in the San Jose
approximately 40 of "California's Scientific Community
Approximately 40 of California's scientific community
Approximately 80 percent of the legal needs of poor
approximately three years. In the past, the USPS Citizens Stamp Advisory
APPS and thus are able to identify persons who are prohibited from
April 13, 2011, language has yet to be finalized. The Assembly Insurance
aquaculture industry, which
ARB also
ARB lacks a dispute resolution process other than legal challenge
ARB notes these cost estimates are contingent on the approval of ARB's budget change proposal (BCP) submitted
arbitrarily extend the waiting period for firearm transactions with no
arbitrary statewide limit will interfere with the ability of local
ARC also
Arc and United Cerebral Palsy California Collaboration writes
ARC has taken a
archaic law directing mental health officials to seek a cure for
archaic, and is found in a section of law the bill proposes to amend
are a landlord's responsibility. PUC staff have nevertheless recommended
are adequate and more appropriate than the transfer of these
are adopted in legislation
are advertising in various mediums and are presently interviewing several
are allowed to become licensed as certified nurses' assistants but under
are allowed to keep that firearm for their own protection after they retire
are already adequate to preclude unscrupulous contractors from bidding on
are already allowed to be QMEs. They additionally
are and who are not willing to sign the voluntary campaign
are appropriate local control measures in place, and that it
are at least as stringent as those in current regulation for small
are available
are awaiting sale
are being litigated in juvenile court everyday, draining valuable
are being re-invested into their communities and that bid
are below the current market price
are cognitively and emotionally less mature than adults. They are less
are concerned about the health and environmental effects of coal tar
are concerned that ViOP exemption could restrict the commission's ability to levy surcharges on such technology for
are conscientious and mindful of safety. Completely
are considered by the Standards Board, along with information
are cost-effective, reliable, and feasible
are currently punishable by severe sentences, adding another
are currently underway. Also, that superfund laws are
are eager to have the option to access care in Mexico, and states the bill would give authority to DMHC to
are easily identified and
are easily swayed by peers, and they may show poor judgment. We also
are educated on workplace violence issues
are enacted in response to legislative failure
are female, pregnant, or caregivers. The simple state of being a female
are heavily marketed to youth. Blunt wraps are becoming increasingly
are illegal
are impacted, those who oppose tax increases and those who
are in dispute but agree to a settlement should have some
are incredibly complex and require in depth investigation into the life
are insufficient to finance schools. In 2012-13, the Legislature had to
are lacking skills that would help them enter the information technology workforce
are less than those charged by machines in other areas because casinos
are linked to the disposition of SB 1627
are many reasons why a juvenile's suspected abuse or neglect of a child
are met. They
are not adjacent or even in the same neighborhoods, would be affected by
are not designated as State Vehicular Recreation Areas will be
are not equally imposed on other businesses
are not exempt from this provision and there does not
are not familiar with firearms would not know what they are, regardless of design, nor their significance
are not reflected here, if they exclusively addressed the issue of CURFFL standards for sanitation and food safety, which was remedied in the amendments of June 28, 1999
are not typically involved in financial abuse cases. It
are not. This measure, AB 1280, preserves the sales tax on these safe and effective products estimated at over $ 4 million in 2010, while
are numerous organizations, entities and communications in which youth
are often charged very different pole attachment rates for poles in similar
are often in the range of "improper touching" and other adolescent
are on the rise and are disproportionately higher than unemployment rates
are opposed to the bill due to the dilution of each county's
are overrepresented among incarcerated juveniles. Studies of this
are paid a salary less than 10 percent higher than
are paramount concerns. The Treasurer also notes state investments are
are performing transition services to have direct access to facility
are pleased to co-sponsor and
are pleased to inform you of our
are public parks and recreation centers, and for that reason
are purchasing and the food they are consuming
are regrettably
are reported, audited, and reviewed by a wide variety of state and federal oversight agencies and independent
are sending the DMV insurance information when a car
are sending. Conditional renewals, which are provided in the case of commercial insurance, involve reduced policy coverage limits, coverage
are sent to DJF are given indeterminate commitments and therefore
are sentenced for crack cocaine violations compared to the sentencing of Caucasians and others for possession for sale of powder cocaine and heroin. And while we
are several definitions of antisemitism within this document, and the Strategy
are similar to provisions included in AB 537 (Bonta), Chapter 785, Statutes of 213, and AB 646 (Atkins), Chapter 680, Statutes of 2011
are still in the bill. Consequently, this analysis still
are still operating legally. should
are still poor and could benefit from the extra
are strengthened and clarified
are strictly for forensic and prosecutorial purposes, thereby justifying holding law enforcement responsible for
are subject to a deductible limit. The Chamber
are taken into consideration and, where possible, reduced or mitigated
are taken over the course of a relationship and while the victim may have
are those with high-risk pregnancies or are in rural and isolated
are threatened where a private organization has a financial stake in the amount of tax collected as a result of the assessment it recommends
are trying to keep their members in their homes and are recording a
are twisting the noble intent of telehealth by pushing patients toward third-party
are ultimately responsible, both ethically and legally, for the medical care of their patients
are unable to shift administrative costs onto provider
are vital resources that
area to another
Area. The authority
Areas and fire hazard severity zone maps. In addition, I am also
areas. Western Center indicates that limiting premature hospital
aren't always enough. The mechanism to create this social change locks in cumbersome and overly costly contracting rules that provide little flexibility
Argentina and Peru. California should not be complicit in the destruction of the Amazon Rainforest...The second largest exporter of oil into California is Saudi Arabia
arguably be counterproductive to the goal of have a single, uniform
argue a first offender mandate will result in increased driver safety
argue AB 187 indiscriminately penalizes hunters and other law abiding
argue it is difficult to justify repairing a sidewalk for a homeowner in
argue it may be that IHSS consumers in general do not wish to
argue nonmedical personnel do not have the medical background to
argue potential security breaches are exacerbated by inappropriate
argue that a one-size-fits-all approach neither makes any accommodation
argue that a robust and accurate data collection system will
argue that acknowledging that access to nature
argue that any attempt to move the CCC away from Field Act requirements
argue that as telephone service
argue that changes to the PDRS need to be based on empirical data that
argue that extending continuation coverage to former employees
argue that labeling smoke alarms with information regarding their proper disposal will lead to fewer devices in landfills
argue that mandating the vaccine is premature and inappropriate at this time
argue that taxpayers are often required to pay the amount owed before
argue that the bill "is so broad that it includes faith based
argue that the US EPA may classify a registration as
argue that these proposed extensions will actually act as a disincentive
argue the proposed
argue this is an impossible requirement as the third party "client
argue this measure will have a negative fiscal effect on charter schools
argue, the "county recorder's office is not designed to be a revenue
argues a recount could not take place because the ballots were not public
argues against the Medicaid hammer, having eligibility go to
argues CCS children would benefit from the case management
argues health plans and insurers must do their part to make more dependable
argues in support of the bill that this is a simple measure that provides
argues it is concerned the current language places too much emphasis on the clinical and functional assessments of individuals, and not on community
argues it is fair and equitable to reimburse taxpayers for bank and third
argues that a credit union, as the issuer of the card, can only provide as
argues that a public entity already has discretion to determine whether a
argues that cable and broadband companies are not public utilities and that state legislation that gave the PUC authority to issue state
argues that elimination of program benefits effectively shields
argues that existing law provides a procedure to determine
argues that extensive data on health Plan cost-sharing is
argues that it is not prudent policy to diminish the state's
argues that Massachusetts is far different from California, stating that Massachusetts is dominated by not-for-profit
argues that most major health plans have contracts with
argues that not all hospitals use the same staff categories and it would be a costly imposition to demand the use of certain categories of care givers that are not currently being
argues that plans often employ licensed nurses and pharmacists
argues that similar disclosures are already required under the federal
argues that state law already limits the access of minors to blunt wraps
argues that substantially increased fines on vehicle code
argues that the bill is unnecessary, as "auxiliaries are accountable and transparent to the public under current state and federal laws
argues that the distinction between manufacturer recalls and Stop Sale
argues that the federal Center for Medicare and Medicaid
argues that the Program is unlikely to qualify as a federally
argues that with rising election costs EBMUD's ratepayers paid $475
argues the APA gives the public the right to be fully involved in a
argues the bill "is asking DMV to perform, and pay for a function that is
argues the logistics and resources needed to establish
argues this will tip the balance between public and private
arguing
arguing that a
arguing the appropriate time for public comment is during the adoption of a regulation
argument expressed is that major manufacturing businesses, such as biotechnology companies, should pay their fair share
argument, above
arguments
ARGUMENTS IN 's office writes, "Existing law (Civil Code [Sec.] 54.25) provides protections for canines under the control of a
ARGUMENTS IN AB 3269 (Friedman, Chapter 888, Statutes of 1994), changed the form disclosure given by
ARGUMENTS IN According to , "AB 457 (Monning - Ch. 109, Stats. 2009) requires that a mechanic's lien and the accompanying
ARGUMENTS IN According to : "SB 137 (Ducheny, Chapter 452, Statues of 2005) was authored to protect homeowners in a
ARGUMENTS IN According to the sponsors (Santa Clara County Transit District), the new district was formed
ARGUMENTS IN and sponsor (the State and Consumer Services Agency)
Arguments in Oppose Unless Amended The County Behavioral Health Directors Association (CBHDA), in oppose unless amended
Arguments in Opposition 350 Bay Area Action, among others
Arguments in Opposition A coalition of agricultural groups, led by the Wine Institute of California
Arguments in Opposition A coalition of business organizations, including the California Chamber of Commerce and the Western
Arguments in Opposition A coalition of businesses in the debt collection industry and business trade associations
Arguments in Opposition A coalition of civil rights groups and disability advocates
Arguments in Opposition A coalition of employers, including the California Chamber of Commerce
Arguments in Opposition A coalition of groups representing business interests including CalChamber, TechNet, Internet Association, and Civil Justice Association
Arguments in Opposition A coalition of homelessness advocacy and civil rights organizations, including the Western Center on Law and Poverty, Housing California, and ACLU California Action
Arguments in Opposition A coalition of industry groups including TechNet, CalChamber, the California Newspaper Publishers Association, and the Association of Magazine Media
Arguments in Opposition A coalition of industry opponents, including Computer & Communications Industry Association, California Chamber of Commerce, and TechNet
Arguments in Opposition A coalition of industry opponents, led by California Chamber of Commerce
Arguments in Opposition A coalition of industry opponents, led by California Chamber of Commerce, writing in opposition to an earlier version of the bill
Arguments in Opposition A coalition of industry opponents, led by the Chamber of Commerce
Arguments in Opposition A coalition of industry trade organizations, led by California Chamber of Commerce
Arguments in Opposition A coalition of opponents, led by Computer & Communications Industry Association
Arguments in Opposition A coalition of opponents, led by TechNet
Arguments in Opposition A coalition of organizations representing business, building, and property owner associations
Arguments in Opposition A coalition of over 40 advocacy organizations, including Disability Rights California
Arguments in Opposition A Voice for Choice Advocacy
Arguments in Opposition According to a coalition of business groups, including the Western
Arguments in Opposition According to Disability Rights California, "DRC
Arguments in Opposition According to the Central Basin Municipal Water District (district), "The district
Arguments in Opposition Airbnb
Arguments in Opposition America's Health Insurance Plans (AHIP)
Arguments in Opposition American Clean Power
Arguments in opposition are focused on the 180-day
Arguments in Opposition ATA Action
Arguments in Opposition Blue Cross
Arguments in Opposition California Advocates for Nursing Home Reform (CANHR)
Arguments in Opposition California Association of Bicycling Organizations
Arguments in Opposition California Forestry Association
Arguments in Opposition California Narcotic Officers' Association (CNOA)
Arguments in Opposition CaliforniaHealth+ Advocates, the advocacy affiliate of the California Primary Care Association
Arguments in Opposition Can I Get a Witness
Arguments in Opposition CD11 Coalition for Human Rights
Arguments in Opposition Department of Finance (Finance)
Arguments in Opposition Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF)
Arguments in Opposition Getting it Right From the Start, in opposition
Arguments in Opposition Hemopet, one of California's closed-colony canine blood bank
Arguments in Opposition In an "Oppose Unless Amended" letter from the Pacific Coast Renderers Association and the California Grain and Feed Association
Arguments in Opposition In opposition of AB 723, California Realtors Association
Arguments in Opposition In opposition to AB 1062, TEXCOM
Arguments in Opposition In opposition to the bill, California Chamber of Commerce and TechNet
Arguments in Opposition In opposition to the bill, California Chamber of Commerce and the California Retailers Association
Arguments in Opposition In opposition to the bill, Chamber of Progress
Arguments in Opposition In opposition to the bill, Computer and Communications Industry Association alongside a group of technology trade associations
Arguments in Opposition In opposition to the prior version of the bill, TechNet
Arguments in Opposition In opposition, the Chamber of Progress
Arguments in Opposition In strident opposition to this measure, Turo
Arguments in Opposition In their letter of opposition, the National Rifle Association
Arguments in Opposition Livable California
Arguments in Opposition Los Angeles County (LAC) opposes the bill and
Arguments in opposition Mead Johnson Nutritionals, a Bristol Myers Squibb Company
Arguments in Opposition OfferUp [an online classified marketplace
Arguments in Opposition One individual
Arguments in Opposition Privacy advocates request that data sharing be specifically limited to declared
Arguments in Opposition Ramiz Dashdamirov, Acting Consul General of the Republic of Azerbaijan
Arguments in Opposition S&P Global Mobility, which owns CARFAX
Arguments in Opposition Sonoma Clean Power
Arguments in Opposition Southern California Rental Housing Association
Arguments in opposition State Farm
Arguments in Opposition Technet, along with a coalition of trade organizations
Arguments in Opposition The Agricultural Council of California
Arguments in Opposition The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) in opposition
Arguments in Opposition The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecology (ACOG) District IX
Arguments in Opposition The American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME), AFL-CIO, in an oppose position
Arguments in Opposition The Asphalt Roofing Manufacturers Association
Arguments in Opposition The Association of California Community College Administrators
Arguments in Opposition The Association of California Water Agencies
Arguments in Opposition The Association of California Water Agencies (ACWA), in a joint "oppose unless amended" letter
Arguments in Opposition The bill is opposed by the California Municipal Utilities Association and IID which
Arguments in Opposition The Board of Psychology raises in its opposition letter numerous concerns related to consumer protection, need for the bill, cost and workload, and equity, and
Arguments in Opposition The California Association for Behavior Analysis (CalABA)
Arguments in Opposition The California Association of Dental Plans (CADP)
Arguments in Opposition The California Association of Health Plans (CAHP)
Arguments in Opposition The California Association of Health Plans (CAHP) in an oppose position
Arguments in opposition The California Association of Real Estate Brokers (CAREB)
Arguments in Opposition The California Association of Social Rehabilitation Agencies
Arguments in Opposition The California Association of Social Rehabilitation Agencies (CASRA)
Arguments in Opposition The California Broadband & Video Association (CalBroadband)
Arguments in Opposition The California Business Properties Association
Arguments in Opposition The California Carbon Capture Coalition and the Western
Arguments in Opposition The California Central Valley Flood Control Association (CCVFCA)
Arguments in Opposition The California Chamber of Commerce
Arguments in Opposition The California Consortium of Addiction Programs and Professions (CCAPP) in an oppose position
Arguments in Opposition The California Council for Environmental and Economic Balance (CCEEB)
Arguments in Opposition The California Grocers Association's letter indicating an oppose unless amended position
Arguments in Opposition The California Labor Federation, Service Employees International Union, California State Council, and United Food and Commercial Workers, Western
Arguments in Opposition The California Landscape Contractors Association (CLCA)
Arguments in Opposition The California Moving & Storage Association (CMSA)
Arguments in Opposition The California Narcotic Officer's Association (CNOA), in opposition
Arguments in Opposition The California Orthopaedic Association
Arguments in Opposition The California Realtors Association
Arguments in Opposition The California Rental Housing Association, opposes the additional burden it
Arguments in Opposition The California Right to Life Committee (CRLC), in opposition
Arguments in opposition The California Right to Life Committee, in opposition
Arguments in Opposition The California Tax Education Council, which opposes the bill unless it is amended
Arguments in Opposition The California Tax Payers Association (CalTax), in an oppose position on a previous version of the bill
Arguments in Opposition The California Transit Association (CTA)
Arguments in Opposition The California Video & Broadband Association (CalBroadband)
Arguments in Opposition The Center for Bioethics and Culture Network (CBCN)
Arguments in Opposition The Chamber of Progress
Arguments in Opposition The City and County of San Francisco
Arguments in Opposition The City of Huntington Beach
Arguments in Opposition The City of Norco
Arguments in Opposition The City of Ontario
Arguments in Opposition The City of Salina
Arguments in Opposition The City of San Marcos
Arguments in Opposition The Civil Justice Association of California
Arguments in Opposition The Civil Justice Association of California (CJAC) in opposition
Arguments in Opposition The Consumer Brands Association
Arguments in Opposition The Consumer Federation of California is oppose unless amended and
Arguments in Opposition The County Behavioral Health Directors Association, in opposition
Arguments in Opposition The County of San Joaquin
Arguments in Opposition The County Welfare Directors Association (CWDA) of California
Arguments in opposition The Department of Finance
Arguments in Opposition The Department of Finance in opposition
Arguments in Opposition The Drug Policy Alliance (DPA) in an oppose position
Arguments in Opposition The Golden Gate Restaurant Association (GGRA)
Arguments in Opposition The International Health, Racquet, and Sportsclub Association
Arguments in Opposition The National Council on Severe Autism
Arguments in Opposition The Natural Products Association (NPA)
Arguments in Opposition The Orange County Business Council
Arguments in Opposition The Pacific Seafood Group
Arguments in Opposition The Pharmaceutical Care Management Association (PCMA)
Arguments in Opposition The Plastics Industry Association
Arguments in Opposition The Riverside County Transportation Commission
Arguments in Opposition The UC
Arguments in Opposition The Union of American Physicians and Dentists (UAPD/AFSCME)
Arguments in Opposition The University Office of the President
Arguments in Opposition The Utility Reform Network, a consumer advocacy organization
Arguments in Opposition The VTA
Arguments in Opposition The Western Electrical Contractors Association
Arguments in Opposition The Youth Law Center
Arguments in Opposition Transportation California writing in opposition
Arguments in Opposition Unite Us, a software company that operates in the social care space
Arguments in Opposition Unless Amended The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecology (ACOG) District IX
Arguments in Opposition Unless Amended The California Association of Dental Plans (CADP)
Arguments in Opposition Unless Amended The California Association of Health Plans
Arguments in Opposition Unless Amended The California Association of Health Plans (CAHP)
Arguments in Opposition Unless Amended The California Cable and Telecommunications Association (CCTA), in an oppose unless amended position on a previous version of the bill
Arguments in Opposition Unless Amended The California Chamber of Commerce (Chamber)
Arguments in Opposition Unless Amended The California Farm Bureau Federal has taken an oppose unless amended position and
Arguments in Opposition Unless Amended The California Farm Bureau has taken an oppose unless amended position and
Arguments in Opposition Unless Amended The California Hospital Association (CHA), in an oppose unless amended position
Arguments in Opposition Unless Amended The County Behavioral Health Directors Association (CBHDA) in an oppose unless amended position
Arguments in Opposition Unless Amended The Governing Board of the California Association of Local Behavioral Health Boards and Commissions (CALBHBC)
Arguments in Opposition Unless Amended The Protection of the Educational Rights for Kids has an oppose unless amended position and
Arguments in Opposition Unless Amended The Right to Life League (RLL)
Arguments in Opposition Veterans Guardian
Arguments in Opposition Western Electrical Contractors Association
Arguments in Opposition Writing in as "opposed unless amended," the Craft Wine Association
Arguments in Opposition Writing in opposition to the May 23rd version of the bill, Chamber of Progress
Arguments in Opposition Writing in opposition to the previous version of the bill, the California Grocers Association
Arguments in Opposition Writing in opposition, a coalition of organizations
Arguments in Opposition Writing in opposition, RXN Group
Arguments in Opposition Writing in opposition, the California Association of Sanitation Agencies
Arguments in Opposition Writing in opposition, the California Grocers Association
Arguments in Opposition Writing on behalf of a coalition of trade associations, Technet takes an oppose-unless-amended position and
Arguments in Opposition Writing with an "oppose unless amended" position to a previous version of the bill, Free Speech Coalition
Arguments in OppositionA Voice for Choice Advocacy
Arguments in OppositionThe California Association of Health Plans
Arguments in OppositionThe Governing Board of the California Association of Local Behavioral Health Boards and Commissions (CALBHBC)
ARGUMENTS IN Sponsors of the bill (the California Credit Union League) express concern that more and more state-chartered credit unions are switching over
ARGUMENTS IN states, "Section 1915 and 1916 (of the Welfare and Institutions Code) limits the voluntary tattoo removal program
ARGUMENTS IN SUPPORT According to the Senate Local
Arguments in Support and Opposition are contained in the
arguments in support of AB 1411. Primarily, they
ARGUMENTS IN The 50th District Agricultural Association (50th DAA) writes that it is pleased to support Senate Bill 58 as this
arise and the number of additional jurors who would need to be called
arise before the Board of Equalization can take years to resolve. They
arises when the general contractor has not paid the subcontractor for the work performed, or there is a dispute
arising from the bill to come from the General Fund
Armenian National Committee of America - Western Region emphasizes the strong and historic connections between Armenians and the State of California in its letter
armored vehicles and concrete structures from one mile away with
Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps installations in the State of California
around different and sometimes controversial ideologies and visions, about which people may disagree, but they are all afforded tax-exempt status
arrangements that may be negotiated between labor and management under current law
arrest procedures for misdemeanor arrests for domestic violence, there
arrest, which requires reasonable suspicion. Simply causing a
arrested and taken to court, but are instead taken to a probation
articulated the policy role for the Department and affirmed that responsibility for procedures rested with
artificial shortages that could leave other patients at risk
artist creates a drawing and sells the reproduction rights to
As a coalition committed to reducing drug and alcohol use by youth in the community, Saving Lives Camarillo
as a contract between one man and one woman
As a direct result, facilities subject to the state's unique requirements are at an economic disadvantage to similar facilities in other
as a Medi-Cal beneficiary, to provide all information regarding that
As a proponent of AB 1913, Los Angeles Community College District (LACCD)
As a provider of emergency air and ground ambulance services in over 40
As a result of this ruling, in December 2006, the United
As a result, CCUE
As a result, over incarceration has risen to be one of the main drivers of poverty and racial inequity in the United
As a result, the bill could be interpreted as requiring county jails to ascertain from courts, other jails, or state prisons, potentially including such entities in other
As a result, the bill would likely be interpreted as requiring county jails to ascertain from courts, other jails, or state prisons, potentially including such entities in other
As a result, the employer is still notified of the offense during the hiring, certification and/or licensing process. AB 795 will allow DOJ to
As a result, the opposition
As a sponsor of this measure, the Office of the Attorney General
As a strategy for shoring up our long-term services and
as a superintendent or principal
as a technology platform that helps
As a vocal leader in the anti-transgender movement, Our Duty
as a way of creating an educational pathway for students from conflict and war-torn regions and making a statement that we
as AB 90 exceeds those recommendations in a way that will burden law enforcement and negatively impact gang investigations
as against the surviving spouse. The July 13th
As amended in the Senate the opponents
as an additional deterrent to the future expansion of distance education and potential creation of a virtual campus
As an immigrant whose second language is English, I
as an inaccurate and unreliable measure of drug levels in a person's
As an organization that
as appropriate. (4) Recommendations for assessing patients' continued use of opioids for pain management. (5) Concurrent prescription of opioid antagonists to at-risk patients
As California continues to experience a growth in Medi-Cal enrollment, CPEHN
As co-sponsor, SEIU California
As coverage under these programs erode, subcontractors are given much more risk, while the Owner or General Contractor who
as current Federal laws and regulations already require loan disclosure and counseling to prospective and current students
as current law, to involuntarily medicate a person found by a judge or
As current students and future leaders, GENup
as currently drafted provides for sweeping reform of pharmacy practice and will remove the professional judgment
as currently required in Medi-Cal guidelines for coverage
As currently written, the bill only removes the notification requirement while retaining game refuges that DFG
as defined in Sections 11055 and 11056 respectively
as described in subsection (d). A group of practitioners
as directed by state law. They note the significant complexity of the statute makes it difficult to accurately reflect property tax allocations
as does the Chancellor's Office
as examples. Blue Cross and the Association of California Life and Health Insurance Companies
As existing provisions in law already provide the elderly
As explained by the California Tribal Families Council
as expressed by their approval of Proposition 22
As for the
As HCAI
As heard by the Assembly Committee on Local Government, this measure was supported by the following
As heard in the Assembly Committee on Education, this
As heard in the Assembly Committee on Governmental
As heard in the Assembly Judiciary Committee, the bill was
As heard in the Assembly Transportation Committee, this
as hygienists will mean they are competing with hygienists for
As I stated when vetoing an identical bill last session, I support the use and inclusion of energy efficiency products for homes in our state
as in (a), above, for a person to willfully obtain the personal identifying information of another person and to
as increased transparency of health care costs, bulk prescription drug
As introduced
as Introduced:Town of Windsor
as intrusive as a diagnosis. Finally, CMA is concerned about
as is - is ineffective and creates issues regarding witness credibility
as is possible, but
as it ensures equal access
as it includes a slightly greater benefit package that includes coverage for hearing aids
as law-abiding citizens, especially those that
as livable and economically viable communities
as may be required by any local jurisdiction. (b) A violation of this section shall constitute a misdemeanor punishable by imprisonment in a county jail not exceeding six months
As more
As much as $31 billion was paid out in fraudulent or potentially fraudulent
as much as 7.7 percent
As noted
As noted by Kaiser Permanente in their
As noted by the California Public Defenders
As noted by the L.A. District Attorney's Office, "Currently, the statute of limitations encourages flight and discourages rendering
As noted in Senate Education Committee June 17th analysis: California Catholic Conference, Inc
As noted in the Assembly Public Safety Committee analysis, the courts have found that some searches require less than
As of 8/29/97
As of April 12
As of April 14
As of April 16, 1999
As of April 17, 2023, California remains one of only seven
As of April 21, 1995
As of April 24
As of April 3, 1995
As of April 4
As of April 4, 1997
As of April 5
As of April 8, 1996
As of August 13, 1998, the following groups responded in
As of August 21
As of August 30
As of August 30, 1996
as of February 2021
As of July 11
As of July 3
As of July 3, 1997
As of July 5
As of July 6
As of July 6, 2008
As of June 12
As of June 14, 1996. WMX Technologies, Inc
As of June 16, 1995
As of June 18, 1998
As of June 21
As of June 21, 1996. Calif. State Employees' Association
As of June 23
As of late last week, the Foundation for Taxpayer and Consumer Rights, was opposed to the bill. Their position on the current
As of March 15, 1996 City of Long Beach
As of March 15, 1996. County of Tulare
As of March 15, 1996. Trade and Commerce Agency
as of that date, no opposition had been registered, and none has come to the attention of the present committee)
as opposed to just those costs attributable the enhanced POBAR
as or lower than the lowest available Canadian price for the same drug. However, because Medi-Cal drug rebates are
as Oxycontin, Xanax, or Vicodin. DOJ has seen an increase in criminal
as part of 2011 realignment. They
As part of our mission
As part of that work, I will direct the State Advisory Council on
As part of the dissolution process, local communities with redevelopment
As part of the federal Race to the Top grant program, the federal
As programs for refugees such
as proper notice is given
As proposed to be amended, SB 1591 does not require
As proposed to be amended, SB 1591 would not set a
As quantum computing advances, offering speeds far beyond classical computers, AB 940 aims to ensure California remains a national leader in this transformative field and does not lose ground to other
as required death certificates have become more than an official document
as several other environmental, public health and local organizations
As some states pass legislation that normalizes the use of marijuana, we need clear laws about driving under the influence. All states prohibit driving under its influence
as specialized recreation, art, dance, and music and camping, among others
as specifically identified. Those bicycle projects currently enjoy CEQA
As stated by DFEH
as statewide law under Penal Code Section 597t. The Council
as such, these positions were removed from the analysis
as the "Small Business Advocate" in each department. also
As the California IATSE Council (CIC)
As the California Land Title Association (CLTA)
as the California Long-Term Care Ombudsman Association, are also
as the court findings are binding pursuant to Penal Code Section
As the DMV report
As the healthier employer groups with fewer
As the International Association of Chiefs of Police has noted in its
As the legislature aims
as the protector of the rights of the true owner
As the result of punitive audits, arbitrary and changing rules, and unreasonable documentation requirements, California schools receive only about $29 in Medi-Cal reimbursement per student while other
As the sponsor of this legislation, PRFMA
As the sponsor, Contra Costa Transportation Authority
As the state continues to grapple with housing supply deficiencies and our
As the study
As the United
as these local entities are trusted stakeholders well-situated on-the-ground
as they applied to SB 23 which is substantially
as they are awaiting pending
as they are unable to seek
as they attempt
As this analysis is being written
as this. There is a need to better screen school children for
as those who served should receive
as to the quality of the work performed. Under the normal
as to what conduct is prohibited, and gives police officers too
as to whether CSU is set up to include the enhanced clinical rotations, which the association
as to whether doctors of chiropractic could practice in California
as used in this chapter
As we continue
As we noted in our
as welfare reimbursement negatively impacts child
as well as autism providers
as well as available patient assistance programs. CoverMyMeds concludes that the prescriber/patient discussion allows the patient to take an active role in their healthcare decisions
as well as business groups and insurance brokers
as well as controls on any auxiliary power units used to provide electrical
as well as LGBT advocacy groups
as well as local jurisdictions and local elected officials
as well as medical groups and IPAs represented by the American Medical Group Association
as well as more sophisticated and high-risk offenders for probation. Therefore
As well as over 5,500 signatures in opposition submitted to online petition circulated by the California Sportfishing League and Coastal Conservation Association of California
as well as several anti- vaccine and vaccine safety advocacy groups
as well as several major labor organizations
as well as the California State Outdoor Advertising Association
as well as the cost of providing these types of services. Currently some communities have adopted the approach outlined in this legislation, while others are
as well as the Engineers & Scientists of California
as well as the Medical Board of California and the University of California
as well as the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California and some municipal water agencies
As with SB 1916, the American Electronics Association
As written, the IID requirement will equally apply to the offender who
As your measure
ASAC fully
Asian Americans Advancing Justice - California, drawing a connection between the ideology behind the Chinese Exclusion Act and the recent executive orders
Aside from these two examples
asking two members to review a document, draft a letter, provide expert
aspects of one core problem-should an inquiry count against
assailants are frequently given lighter sentences or plead to lesser crimes
Assault, Eastvalley, California Attorney
Assembly Appropriations Committee estimates ongoing costs in the mid-tens of millions annually
Assembly Member Gloria, Senator Wiener, Senator Min and others have made dubious
assert money transmitters do not actually interact with customers and that the retail agents who do interact with customers, such as
assert that consumers have little protection from unscrupulous commercial
assert that tampons today are manufactured with chlorine free
assert that the bill is consistent with longstanding
assert that the bill would impose unnecessary reimbursable state mandate
asserted there are not adequate safeguards in the bill against
assertion that electronic bingo games are illegal in the state, nor do
assertions, there has been no evidence presented that there is a lack of access to attorneys for safety or other employees. Opponents provided to
assertive outreach
asserts that a review of Medi-Cal statistics since the initiation of prenatal care to undocumented women shows the percentage of low-birth weight babies born under Medi-Cal has
asserts that child care centers that are already under the supervision of the State Community Care Licensing Law are
asserts that quality assurance programs to monitor and correct
asserts that the training of psychiatric technicians focuses on a
asserts that they see no policy reason to give preferences
asserts that under the bill, undocumented immigrants should qualify for
asserts that when the state enters into contracts with
asserts the bill will hinder its ability to make its contracting more
assess and help people achieve a level of biological or
assessed values
assessed values of its newer aircraft
assessment and it appears that, while it will identify job skills and occupations needed to implement the high-speed rail project, it will do
assessment conducted by teachers for the purpose of supporting and strengthening instruction as well as for summarizing and evaluating
assessment determined by another agency does not mean this assessment
assessment for the aircraft when the facts presented in an appeal clearly
assessment for this project. Additionally, the January 1, 2012 timeline is
assessment if the program operates at a deficit. The Escrow Institute
assessment of affordability under the California Safe Drinking Water Act
assessment program. CHDP well-child assessments are
assessments lies at the heart of our system, and, indeed, was a basic
assessments minimizes the number of times initial
assessments must take place with the collaboration of qualified medical, mental heath and social service professionals. The second and more
assessments of new veteran inmates is an important first step. Such
assessments, the City of San Jose
assessments. Part of the regulations adopted by the Commissioner
asset is extremely important because the local
asset transfer rules. CAHF also proposed that the state recoup the uncompensated costs through an estate recovery process
assets before conviction. So, under existing law, defendants can render
assets. However, the bill would not preclude any action
assign responsibility of acquisition and operational
assigned or transferred. Other sections of the Act specifically
assigned to a specific, individual practitioner. Moreover, the original document is required as evidence in a prosecution
assigned to the wrong level of government and to the wrong departments. If a registration program is
assigning and promoting employees
assignments, but only 172 (1.2%) had an overload exceeding 50%. (The Los Angeles CCD, which encompasses about 8% of statewide CCC enrollment, is not yet included in this data.)
assist in this process, but the ultimate responsibility rests with the state, either as an explicit or implied guarantee. Opponents doubt if
assist the veteran in linking to those services," which would emphasize a
assist with the assessment and implementation of a security plan. The latest set of amendments address some of the concerns raised by CENA, but
assistance for construction projects for exercising fundamental rights
assistance for low wage individuals who cannot afford the cost of these
Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) fell 71% between
Assistance Foundation testified they were taking a support if
assistance in would be difficult if not impossible.... Water service
assistance regarding problems for which legal services
assistance to local agencies that seek help in averting or managing a
assistance to local taxpayers
assistance, and required that comprehensive surveys be done
assistance, rescission rights and tax consequences. This
assisted living resident with advanced Alzheimer's disease push another
Associated Builders and Contractors of California (ABC) operate employer-sponsored apprenticeship programs and
Associated Builders and Contractors of California are
Associated Builders and Contractors of California writing
Associated General Contractors of California - the California Chapters (AGC) write, "AGC
associated with an aging workforce, and suggest that increasing the number
associated with an aging workforce, and suggest that increasing the number of hearing specialists able to participate in the evaluation
associated with consumer water from water vending machines or
associated with direct response
associated with ephedra-containing products are uncontrolled
associated with mental health and pubic health. Until
associated with or recognized by the statewide
associated with the regulation adoption process
associated with the RHNA. The CBIA does, however continue to
associated with these two municipalities are not isolated and the economic recession and self-inflicted fiscal management are resulting in
Association (CWDA) expresses concern that under this legislation there is
Association (WSPA), local air districts, environmental organizations, ARB, CEC and others
Association *State Building and Construction Trades Council (Organizations denoted with an asterisk (*) communicated their position before the author proposed the amendments on which this
Association , the Regional Council of Rural Counties and several
Association , who intends the bill, among other safety-related
Association AB 12 (Katz) Page b for Los Angeles Deputy Sheriffs
Association adds in support that the current system is failing
Association and other industry organizations
Association and other law enforcement groups whose members
Association and the Association of Club Executives state no reasonable
Association and the California Association of Health Facilities are
Association and the California Association of Realtors
Association and the California Outdoor Heritage Alliance, among others
Association and the Tuolumne Utilities District, which serve
Association California Chapter have registered an "oppose," position to the bill. The parties have
Association concludes lowering the threshold to 55% will increase housing
Association for Accessible Medicine (AAM), in its opposition
Association for Accessible Medicines (AAM), in its opposition
Association from taking up the issue of contracting out for
Association has opposed any change in the current monthly
Association indicates that "ARB interprets its regulations to prohibit
association must remain
Association of California and Nevada, if the following
Association of California Life and Health Insurance Companies to improve information required to be provided to consumers
Association of California requests amendments to relieve County of their
Association of California. Opponents are concerned that, in
Association of Contra Costa County, one letter, one
Association of Regional Centers Agencies writes
Association of Social Workers (NASW) feels "children who are
Association of Southern California [Support and opposition based on previous version of bill
Association of State Employees with Disabilities. In general, these
Association of Talent Agents writes
association of voting system manufacturers-argues that the potential for
Association opposed the previous version of the bill, based on concerns
association or fair to import out-of-country races will give
Association stated that they are seeking an amendment that would
Association states, "Most counties have job classification structures that allow degreed
Association supported AB 311, Southwest Airlines opposed the measure on
Association to prevent unnecessary ambiguity and complexities when a rate
Association voices similar concerns
Association voices similar concerns, and adds that, "This
Association) object to the super lien and
Association, "a small business may only be able to accommodate two days
Association, "The California cable and broadband industry has seen a
Association, and the California Mortgage Bankers Association also support
Association, and the California Nurses Association remain opposed to SB
Association, and the Silicon Valley Leadership Group, who are
Association, express support for the goal of establishing a strategic
Association, filed a suit against the Superintendent of Public
Association, Inc., and other TVS businesses and related organizations
Association, many of the members of which are responsible for remediating
Association, representing PSAP officials, are concerned that the bill
Association, state the demise of redevelopment coupled with shrinking
Association, states, "The basis of our concern and opposition
Association, which is concerned with the bill's unfunded
Association, who
Association, who intends the bill, among other safety-related
Association, whose members pay the nontank vessel oil spill prevention
Associations and others
associations especially hard in a difficult recession
associations of industries that produce biomethane
Associations of mental health professionals
associations representing dental assistants and dental assisting teachers and private and public schools
associations representing physicians and hospitals and by Kaiser Permanente
associations representing physicians including the California Medical Association (CMA)
associations that have created this transfer fee should be
associations, and a few contractor organizations. Proponents
associations, including the following
associations, when determining the most appropriate
Asst. Presiding Judge Robert W. Parkin, the Superior Court, Los Angeles County
assume that a potential offender, intent on using an Internet site for
assumed, often incorrectly, that identified employers do not
assurance fee charged all SNFs in California as a result of AB 1629. CAHSA
assurance that the dispute has been resolved in a satisfactory
assure that computers are used for business purposes and to
asthma self-management by children, which will reduce asthma attacks
at a California bank. They
at a different date or time. (d) A local jurisdiction may require an original seller
at a leased facility where the services are provided by the owner
At a time when labor shortages and demographic changes challenge California's workforce and economic outlook, the state cannot afford to lose workers to other
At a time when our country is resettling the lowest number of refugees in the history of the resettlement program and the Administration is encouraging
at businesses, particularly for a small business with minimal staff
at California State University, Hayward
at county-established rates in counties that receive
at home
At hospitals all over California, lab staff are experiencing burn-out from working overtime or having a second job. Understaffing means poor turn-around-times for lab results or an increase in errors
at its discretion
at its enactment
at Johns Hopkins Medical School
at least 90 days of supervised parole
at least one of the objectives for use. As a result, opponents
at least to prior versions - related to potential
at least two organizations and by the Superintendent
at or above Medi-Cal FFS rates is crucial to their mission of providing comprehensive benefits to their members
at responsible animal owners - those who license their pets and comply
at risk youth. Currently, the state and local school
at Santa Fe Depot
At that point, the damage has been done
at that site, and permit the City and County of San Francisco to lease
at the $4 level, they want the bill amended "to give the Department flexibility to prioritize and conduct maintenance
at the end of the 2009-2010 Fiscal Year because Californians are
at the end of the day, the base problem remains the same - there is a
at the fairgrounds." SB 58 will ensure that SCE follows through with the commitment outlined under AB 1348
at the federal level when the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services
At the request of the California Defense Counsel, the bill was amended to deal with problems that could be
at the same level as the HIV antibody test used for HIV
At the same time
at the same time EDs are busier
At the same time, AB 8 provides a path for legal cannabis manufacturers to incorporate hemp cannabinoids-bringing California in line with 17 other
At the same time, it
At the same time, there has been a growing number of
at the state level and the Executive Committee of the CCP at the county
at the time of initial review, it is in danger of expending
at the time of listing or marketing of
at the time of their dismissal from the court system. CBHDA further requests amendments to require representatives from county behavioral health agencies
At the time of this analysis, the bill was supported by the State Building and Construction Trades Council of California, other labor
At the time of this analysis, the parties were attempting to reach
At the time this analysis was prepared
At the time this analysis was prepared, the committee had not
At the time this analysis was prepared, there was one
At the time this analysis was written
At the time this analysis was written, both TURN's and the PUC's
At the time this analysis was written, there was no formal
At this point, the SPI has not requested any of this
at this time Cal Cities respectfully
at this time, notes concerns similar to those of TURN
ATA Action, the American Telemedicine Association's affiliated trade association, raises similar concerns with the newly inserted audit requirement, which ATA Action
ATA also
ATAC concludes that those seeking treatment for SUD need our
Athens Research submitted to IOUs March
Athens Research submitted to IOUs March 16, 2023, filed at the CPUC in April 2023 as part of A
athletic coaches at public or private postsecondary institutions, and increases the penalties for failure to report an incident. SB 1264 is
Athletic Trainers provide crucial
atmosphere so that international thoroughbred races may again be
atmosphere so that international Thoroughbred races may again be
attachment rates. Under the current process, cable and telephone companies
Attacks on reproductive health care, including abortion, contraception, gender-affirming care, and IVF have resulted in patients being denied care, forced to travel out-of-their home
attain federal air quality standards as quickly as possible through a
attain the necessary
attain the targets. AB 638 was held on the Assembly Appropriations
attaining permanent status
attempt to distract attention from what they consider the main stressor
attempt to force private groups to conform to a specific and controversial code is itself discriminatory. Opponents also note SB
attempt to rearrange a marketplace that is working for the benefit of California Consumers" and is "anti-consumer, anti-competitive, anti-business, and anti-free market." Also
attempted micromanagement by residents over business decisions
attempted to address these subsidy concerns
attempting to identify suspects. Requiring a 30-day processing of all
attempting to protect their information systems from hackers
attempts to address
attempts to be hired by any law enforcement agency. This information is
Attempts to commit any felony listed in this section other than assault
attempts to evict or to not rent to the person on the database he or she
attendance funding for students attending charter
attendance standards for children of participants in
attendants who provide 24 hour care? What would be the additional costs and what is the financial capacity of those taking care of loved ones in
attending schools outside of their district
attestation. They indicate birth certificates are expensive, between $25 and $30, and
attorney and non-attorney bargaining unit employees of the State Bar of California
Attorney General (both sent letters in opposition to the March 27, 1996 version of the bill) (THIS ANALYSIS REFLECTS AUTHORoS AMENDMENTS TO BE OFFERED IN
Attorney General already can review transactions and raise competition related concerns and
Attorney General Bill Lockyer states: "We have long maintained
Attorney General Bonta joined a coalition of attorneys general representing 32 states and territories urging Congress to provide critical
Attorney General in securing the resources necessary
Attorney General Rob Bonta also
Attorney General Rob Bonta expresses strong
Attorney General to make technical and administrative changes to existing state law to assist in the permanent operation of CURES
Attorney General's Task Force on the Criminal
audits is difficult
audits of 50-100 items as opposed to California inspectors
Audits to complete financial and performance audits of the Board, as
audits, may also create an incentive to distort tax administration for
augment the supply of wine available to the public at prices
Augmentation Fund (ERAF) contribution for special
augmentation of $18 million to the Public Library
August 21, 2000 which states the following
author and supporters believe that Armenia is in a better economic and political situation today and is now ready
author believes that the Legislature intended for the rates of the product to be covered by the provisions
author has submitted a letter to the Assembly Budget Committee requesting $1 million for staff
author has submitted a one-time $2 million GF budget request
Author in his capacity as the Chair of the Assembly Committee on Business and Professions
Author in order to assist law enforcement in catching copper thieves by requiring recyclers to issue check payments for metal recycling
Author in order to require the Medical Board of California
Author in order to strengthen the capacity of law enforcement to prevent copper theft by requiring recyclers to issue check payments for copper recycling
author is requesting $6 million for OPC in the FY 2023-24 budget to be expended over six years to help
Author is Sponsor
Author is sponsor
Author states
Author to allow a court to appoint a temporary manger
Author to clarify
Author to correct an oversight
Author to encourage taxpayers to save for future educational expenses for themselves or their dependents
Author to give the Commissioner the ability to ban individuals
Author to halt the sale of electronic cigarettes to minors by requiring cities and counties to revoke the license of a business
Author to increase consumer protections of immigrants against fraud and improper business practices by immigration consultants
Author to remove the sunset on consumer protections for the Point Of Sale inspection program
Author to require funeral establishments
Author to require grocery stores
Author to revise the Professional Fiduciaries Act to provide for a retired license status
Author's amendments would remove any reference
author, "the bill is a call to the insurance industry
Author/Sponsor
Authored by current Attorney General Rob Bonta, AB 1793 was a nation-leading step not just in cannabis reform, but also in criminal justice reform, and has been modeled in many
authoritative structures were created to implement realignment - the BSCC
Authorities and industry groups that utilize the ports and facilities in and around them
Authorities and the ports of Hueneme and Oakland
Authority (JPA), as a JPA would enable an authority to best utilize the community's assets and meet its needs
Authority (Metro) indicates that, "Funding for the entire retrofit of the San Francisco Bay Bridge has been debated in the Legislature numerous
Authority and some local conservation groups
Authority and the Upper San Gabriel Valley Municipal Water District
Authority facilities, as opposed to K-12 and the California Community Colleges, as the voters clearly
authority has commenced, defeats the purpose of the original bill to
authority in the area subject to the NCCP. These supporters conclude
authority of DOSH and the Standards Board." They note that DOSH has
authority over their own retirement benefits, ACA 5 creates serious
authority sunsets December 31, 2010
authority that contracts with CalPERS under the Public Employees' Medical and Hospital Care Act (PEMHCA) for employee and retiree health benefits
authority that is not consistent with the training received by acupuncturists
authority to allow condor feeding programs that will better ensure the survival of the endangered bird
authority to perform discretionary audits of local agencies to ensure
authority to prosecute and punish this offense, with similar penalties
authority to resolve these issues rest with the courts and the Congress of the United
authority under federal law, the Employee Retirement Income Security
Authority, Haight-Ashbury Neighborhood Council, Humboldt State University Campus Recycling
Authority, Humboldt Waste Management Authority, Natural Resources Defense Council, Northern
Authority, San Francisco Bay Area Rapid Transit District, Sierra Club-California
Authority, Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors, Sierra Club, Solid Waste
Authority, South Coast Water District, South
authority. Allowing a state bureaucrat who is the prosecutor in
authorization requests (TARs) and claims for payment
authorization requests for hospitalizations of 48 hours for
authorize DOC to release this information on request
authorize such care." Senator Wright also expressed
authorized a state or local agency to allow a qualified nonprofit
authorized locations in which medications may be administered, using
authorized to allocate the funds among counties, based on
authorized to file an application for reduction in an assessment with the county's assessment appeals board and an authorized agent is permitted to
authorized to revoke or suspend the license of a bar pilot or inland pilot
authorizes a bingo minder of the type in use 20 or more years ago." The opposition maintains," charities will suffer, community based organizations
authorizes a party aggrieved by a violation of the Reproductive Privacy Act to bring a civil action against an offending state actor
authorizing parole discharge upon program completion removes a
authorizing patient access to independent, expert medical
authorizing remote caller bingo will make bingo a more viable fundraising
Authoros office also provided petition
auto and homeowners insurance. also wants
Auto body shops and machinists
Auto body shops in particular support CDI's recent regulations and
auto-injectors. They also cite fiscal concerns associated with
automatic increase in compensation that exceeds a cost-of-living
automatic meter only if requested by the customer and (b)
automatic renewal of the contract if the contract provides for an
automatically approved
automatically be deleted after ten years pursuant to existing law. If a
automatically eligible for coverage through the high risk pool. KP
automobile accidents does not present a situation of even
automobile accidents occur, not all of which are connected to
Automobile Dealers Association (NIADA), who describes itself as a close
automobile insurance program. PIFC's current
autopilot." The representative also stated statistics [i.e., the CPI
avail themselves of remediation, and shifting the focus
availability and by referring a prospective customer to participating
availability and competency
availability of, and access to, services for all of the 4.5
available annually to OSHPD, where interested copies could
available by any means when necessary to protect public safety. The author may wish to require that local law enforcement similarly
available clinical trial is not consistent with federal law, which requires
Available data on violence against health care
available energy efficiency demand reduction resources that
available evidence
available for any person who is unlawfully restrained or
available for student financial aid and administrative costs
available for students, could significantly increase the cost of compliance and legal risk of districts implementing the system, and thwart achievement of the diversity goals and objectives of local
available for the same activity. CAHSA
available for those situations when a doctor and his or her
available in static electronic format - humanly readable - but in a
available only for lesser sex offenses that fall below the WIC 707(b) threshold
available only to law enforcement. Manufacturers fully fund NPLEx, so
available possible charges not barred by the statute of limitations, are
available publicly, including online, through the California
available resources and prioritize projects that benefit the community as
available to employees to decide whether to accept a last, best, and final offer or strike
available to protect and restore the state's salmon stock and will lead
available to the public
available to the public is almost certain to have a vast chilling effect
available upon request. CHA
available when considering a superstore development
available' does not, in this instance, eliminate the potential for a reimbursable state mandate. All
available, to review the finances of cities, counties, special
available. The association
avenue for recognition. There are separate medals for citizen and non
avenue within government control to make sure court-ordered fines are
Average Costs of a California School, 1999-2000 California's K-12 education system is large and complex. In
avoid a commitment to state prison simply by virtue of the fact that they
avoid taxation
avoid those costs in the first place
avoidance is the result of failure to return royalties to where they have
avoids the use of noxious and costly chemical pesticides
awaiting justice for capital murders of their loved ones and other crime witnesses who await closure
award has stagnated in recent years, while college costs have rapidly
awarded $3.6 billion in contracts for goods, services, information technology and public works. Of that amount, 11.8% were awarded to small businesses. The sponsor
awarded any high-speed rail construction contract. Moreover, we
awarding attorneys' fees when an injured employee is successful in
awarding contracts as early as next year to spearhead the construction of the high-speed rail system. The construction of the high-speed rail
awards, and other information, thereby making the system
aware of any public health-related incidents that have been
aware of valuable services
awareness of these communities and their needs in local government plans
away consumers' option to use the services of someone other
away flexibility to set their own programs. They are also
away simply for lack of resources
away, and supporters
Azerbaijan is ready to facilitate humanitarian needs of all Armenian residents living on its territories, and the
b) $175,000 to the Department of Fish and Game to reimburse a revolving fund
b) $258,000 (GF) to cover the claim of 25-year-old Kevin
b) A defendant with two or more strikes who commits any felony, must be
b) A review of the practical effects of incorporating redevelopment law
b) Any other violation is punishable by up to one year in county jail
b) Bundled requirement: This information is readily available to the public, and third-party agreements prevent some publishers from
b) California Attorneys for Criminal Justice state, "This
b) California Attorneys for Criminal Justice states, "Campus law enforcement lack the training, supervision, and accountability that would help insure that these powers
b) Clarify the definition of medical necessity and define "iatrogenic infertility
b) Crime Victims United of California (CVUC): "CVUC is highly concerned
b) For price fixing, from 1 to 5 years in state prison to: 16 months, 2 or 3 years
b) Goldman Sachs estimates that online shopping will increase from 4.4
b) International college students that come out in groups to perform
b) It is not clear CDCR should be the entity responsible for providing
b) It repeals the requirement that district hospitals be located in rural counties
b) Johnny Williams, binding finding of factual innocence, $461,600
b) make changes to the description of two members of the Board to ensure that consumer advocates can serve on the Board
b) Makes it a wobbler, punishable by up to 1 year in county jail and/or a
b) Makes it an alternative felony/misdemeanor, punishable
b) Many wells are visible on aerial images available on the Internet
b) Megan's Law Inconsistency. Current law authorizes sex offenders to
b) Nothing in the bill prevents individuals from requesting notification
b) Oral leases problematic: The opposition indicates in
b) Penalties for unauthorized diversions and uses of water could be
b) Prohibits a registered sex offender whose crime involved
b) proposes a solution that does not meet the sponsors' goals of addressing homelessness and medical care
b) SB 223 (Machado) Chapter 291, Statutes of 2007, prohibits any person
b) Soda companies
b) Taxpayers could shift their giving from other charitable purposes to
b) that the defendant reimburse the victim for reasonable costs of counseling and other reasonable expenses the court finds are the direct result of the defendant's offense
b) The ACLU shares this concern and also
b) The American Academy of Child & Adolescent Psychiatry: "Adolescents
b) The bill may be preempted by the extensive scheme of federal law and regulation of wine labeling and advertising
b) The bill specifically targets economic development areas such as
b) The bill would supplant current local funding for MDICs
b) The CA Correctional Peace Officers Association (CCPOA)
b) The California Catholic Conference states, "One of the key hallmarks of the American people is our innate sense of fairness. Everyone should be committed to making no
b) The California Community Colleges failed to pay in a timely manner
b) The California District Attorneys Association states, "In California there are already 15 to 20 years of state and federal appellate court review between the jury's
b) The California Peace Officer's Association and the California Police Chiefs Association state, "(We) question
b) The Internet Alliance, a national organization of consumer Internet
b) The Labor Enforcement Task Force. The Department of Industrial
b) The National Correctional Industries Association states, "SB1130 would
b) The offense charged is not one of the offenses enumerated in WIC
B) The patient resides outside the geographic service area of the hospital
b) The prior offense was an offense for which a minor can be certified to
b) The state will not be able to timely process exemptions
b) The State. The charity, in this case the state, has received a
b) The University of California: "UC owns and operates academic medical
b) Three sheriffs or chiefs of police
B) Timing of services and payment: SB 92 leaves the current Healthy Families rule in place. Treatment
b) transparency in oversight
b) Unredeemed bonds - 15 claims for $294,003
b) Unredeemed bonds - 5 claims for $15,328
b) update information technology systems
b) Whether a single-district resolution, outside the budget
b. Is it the intent of Farmer's Insurance Company to
b. The bill sets the fee to copy a page at 25 cents
b. The definition of "administrative costs" is broad
back by the authority conferred by the bill
back-to-back catastrophic fire seasons that California experienced in 2020 and 2021
backed by revenue from Senate Bill 1 (Beall)
backed up plumbing
background as they relate to the likelihood that the applicant
background checks in the quickest, most cost-efficient way possible
background checks that are costly and time-consuming
background from being employed by school districts, or from being
background investigation screening tools of prospective law enforcement
Background provided by the author indicates that according to a California Medical Association (CMA) survey (CMA
backlog in criminal and civil cases." The Franchise Tax Board indicates
backlogged courts is admonished by the court for filing their writ
bad actors-including registered sex offenders-off of our site. While the current text of SB 1204 would not allow for the sharing of collected
bad precedent for future lease agreements, stating, "We continue to
bail on August 24, 2006 while the L.A. D.A. determined whether to retry
bail on August 24, 2006, while the Los Angeles District Attorney (D.A.) determined
balance our need for important program studies with our fiscal reality
balances in a manner similar to the way private sector employees manage
ballot election results should not be taken lightly and may be
ballot is used for recounts only
ballots in a timely manner. Creating a voluntary pilot program to set
ballots that contain extraneous non-identifying marks are acceptable
ballots to addresses in which a PAV no longer resides-and the additional costs of mailing such ballots
ban a person from obtaining a clearance. Under the current
bank money transmitters such as MoneyGram and Western Union, opposes this
bank records, financial records, phone records and other
banks keep up with growing requests for assistance
Banks, note food banks across the state have seen an unprecedented
banned as against public policy
banned for all regulated trades and professions?.The practice
Bar Inc., Coalition on the Environment & Jewish
Barbara, Environmental Center of San Luis
bargaining agent will increase risk by highlighting a hospital's
bargaining agreement
bargaining process established in HEERA [the Higher Education
bargaining process in a way that was incompatible with the general goals
bargaining process provide CSU employees the opportunity for
bargaining rights that cover due-process procedures
barriers to that individual's transition to a community setting. CHA
barriers to the use of new technology and limit creative
Baruxes, wrongly incarcerated for about seven years for
base to transfer - the publicly-owned property no longer is on
based coverage
based on a legitimate use of the utilization review and the treatment
Based on a previous version of the bill
Based on a previous version of the measure, the Santa Cruz LAFCO
based on current enrollments
Based on current version of bill
Based on earlier version of bill
based on empirical data that all stakeholders understand and trust
based on empirical data that all stakeholders understand and trust. In
based on funding for surface storage, which has been
based on his or her professional judgment
based on previous version of the bill
based on previous versions of the bill
Based on prior version of bill
Based on similar existing contracts, DFW
based on the 2022 IMR data collected from DMHC related to MH and SUD treatment
Based on the Governor's budget, California is currently
based on the prior amended version
based on the statutory reimbursement rate of $100 per day
based on two points: (1) the new language stating that the PUC, rather than administering the programs, "shall continue
based upon a separate, unrelated reason other than the individual's
based, active notification system is unnecessary, ineffective, and prone
based, and community based materials. Moreover, the Center for Disease Control and Prevention, the World
based, coordinated, collaborative, and, to the extent possible, funded
basic necessities, should the state begin to prohibit the use of EBT
basis and often work with them as to dates and times for jury
basis, a sound pre-funding policy for new employees could greatly improve
basis. It would be a reprehensible allocation of limited
basis. Moreover, 'supervisory' care would expand this proposed
Bay Area Action has an
bail on August 24, 2006, while the Los Angeles District Attorney (D.A.)
Bay Bottom Beds (committee analysis)
BBC does not currently offer any form of master license to any of its
BBC should continue to evolve and establish rules and
be - thus allowing them access to the Department of Justice list. We
be a meritorious goal, but could also lead to a
be a short term infusion of money that would otherwise probably never be
be a simple, single, statewide program, operated by
be able to take better advantage of federal funding
be abused...Another reason to keep fenfluramine in Schedule IV
be accomplished more effectively through a flexible
be added to provide an automatic trigger to current state practice if
be addressed in a reauthorization of the Ryan White Act. AHF is concerned
be administered leaving all construction projects under
be allowed time to take effect before further mandates are
be allowed to volunteer at their child's school. Public Advocates states
be altered at taxpayer expense reflecting the newly sanctioned
be amended on file
be amended to include one representative for male victims of domestic
be amended to more clearly
be an efficient, convenient and uniform single portal to register tax
be appropriate. The Deferred Entry of Judgment option as structured
be available for the 2014-15 school year
be available to the provider within a 24-hour period that offers accuracy at least
be beneficial. The California Applicants' Attorneys Association
be compromised. They are concerned operating under the de facto control
be conducted with local government approval as the result of a
be constitutionally valid as it results in taxpayers paying higher taxes
be derived from such use
be disadvantaged by not meeting the 6.5% of payroll requirement for
be distributed based on the pre-SB 727 formula, leaving only
be distributed to mental health and public health. The slower
be diverted from their primary care public health functions in
be effective. To do otherwise would place the burden of funding clinical research on the backs of California employers and workers in the form of increased health insurance
be entitled to a mandatory court hearing in which the sentencing court
be established providing for an incentive rate consistent with this
be excluded from the provisions of the bill. CSU
be experts in cases against other physicians and that these
be for fewer hours? Will they be less flexible
be free to set up provider networks that meet a high standard
be generated by any pupil concurrently enrolled in more
be heard by this committee in July or August
be held liable for the same actions that providers take
be held liable for the very same actions that providers take
be implemented
be implemented, and any concerns regarding the lease terms be addressed
be impounded for a minimum of six days coupled with the increased
be in a CTF, then the author should insist that DMH gets
be in the operator's interest to purchase one without a tax credit
be in violation of subdivision (a) of Section 1785.25 of the Civil Code if
be inadvertently hired as California peace officers... AB 297 specifically
be involved in developing the plan and to implement security measures, and to only require hospitals to consult with individuals it deems necessary to
be liable in a civil action
be licensed by the Department of Health Services (now DPH) with certain exceptions
be misled into believing a television is cheaper to operate than it
be no significant negative consequences for violations of unlawful strike
be no surprise as the BOE is the final agency for review of the administrative appeal. Under AB 2472, a review by the new
be noted that under current Government Code Section 3303(i)
be of little practical value. UOPX
be on the label unless the patient objects will place another
be operating without the state oversight and enforcement tools that
be placed with strangers instead of relatives. CWDA requests that AB 2651
be prohibited from using their grant money to pay for cable television
be provided for specific diseases and conditions
be provided to express breast milk. They
be regarded as a de facto determination of fault, which is contrary to
be reinstated for employers with less than two workers, with an annual
be removed
be replaced is under the original manufacturers new car
be represented on any advisory committee
be represented signed authorization cards prior to the election
be resolved prior to the disbursement of funds. This
be sensitive or confidential. Opponents
be subject to fines and/or imprisonment
be subject to the employer's standing policies relating to employee
be submitted to the arbitrator
be taken as the result of the investigation into the alleged misconduct, but also identified the procedural mechanism by which the officer's
be taken when the time for appeal has elapsed, or the judgment of P4 1
be taken, how the timing of new technology and incentive funds comes into
Be that as it may, this type of restitution provision is totally
be the result of a public dialogue between the Legislature and the segments
be the same whether the "indicated purpose" or the actual
be to decrease CALPIA market share to a point where they could not
be treated differently and potentially enrolled at different
be treated equitably in pay, benefits, working conditions, without regard
be used as persuasive precedent, but do not bind future courts, and decisions of district courts of appeals do not necessarily have statewide
be used to determine the reasonable amounts to avoid exploitation
be used to foster greater local-state collaboration while enhancing
be violating Labor Code Section 212, because the banks
Beach, Lompoc, Los Altos, Mammoth Lakes, Mill Valley, Modesto, Monrovia, Montebello, Monterey Bay, Moreno
Beach, Riverside, Rolling Hills Estates, Rosemead, San Bernardino, San Gabriel, Santa Fe
Beach/Lakewood, San Fernando Valley, and Diablo
bear the burden of completing the registration before it is
because administrative expenses are largely fixed, low-cost products mathematically must have a higher
Because all compact
Because children spend much of their productive time in school, and services can be integrated into their regular daily routine, NAMI-CA
because computer printouts are not admissible and present
Because concurrent enrollment students have not yet graduated high school, they do not meet the bill criteria and are subject to nonresident tuition
because discrimination in employment on the basis of sexual
because each situation requires an understanding of the specific CSU policies in question
because he/she has run out of available confinement time, he or she can
because it becomes classified as a pesticide
because it does not adequately strengthen current law. CNA also
because it doesnot include non-profits which do not have 501(c)(3)
because it effectively singles out wireless phones as the only
because it is the most unreliable indicator of drug-related impairment, and thus makes it easier to challenge in court. As a result, more DUI
because it represented the first use of General Fund monies to
because it will have no measurable impact on employment but will lose
because of studies that have shown microchip implantation can be
Because of the important function of these laws, the federal government and the overwhelming majority of
because of the requirement that issuers have a pre-existing relationship
Because of the unique needs of our diverse communities, I would encourage to work with First 5
Because of this, the District
Because open-source is publicly viewable
because provisional ballots cannot be processed until all VBM ballots are
because some people in nursing homes or intermediate care
because the insurers are subject to assessment if the CEA needs the money
Because the judge is the one who will make the determination of whether
Because the LACCD
Because the language of the code specifically states an 'abduction' must
because the process to develop the new methodology has taken longer than anticipated
because the retiree is protected against the risk of losing his or her
because the service hasn't previously been provided
because these regulations and policies were not devised with the goal of reducing GHG emissions. These proponents fear that resource constraints
because they are a tobacco product and cannot be sold or marketed to minors. In addition
because they may receive a large number of requests to inspect or copy
because they object to priority being given on loans to applicants that
Because we
because, even though three felony convictions may be
Because, the extent and quality of laser training for
become a means of avoiding protections provided defendants
become delinquent. In 2009, the PT Postponement program was indefinitely
become law are very significant. Many counties, particularly in more
become members of this consortium. Of those, California is one of 18
becomes IP-enabled
been a lab for the manufacture of methamphetamine, the building would be declared substandard indefinitely, and clean
been accessed at strip clubs over a three year period
been afforded due process is unconscionable and serves no valid consumer
been approved by the State of California and the U.S. Department of Labor
been approved by the U.S. Postal Service offer one of the most
been assessed incorrectly, the city will remain liable to the taxpayer
been based on actual
been challenged. In fact, in the case of one development the affiliated entity was created to address the requirements by
been different in the City of Los Angeles. "With no rent
been fully met by the University through the state Department
been funded by transfer fees collected by other CSOs
been generated, and that there are too many opportunities for tax
been held by the state and not local government - this measure would
been little opportunity for supporters or opponents to file
been obtained from a licensed tissue bank and is stored in strict
been on a first-come-first-served basis. Given the limited supply of direct access power, the proposed legislation directs the CPUC to give
been placed on millions of California families today
been possible since the 1980s
been provided to abolish their use. Over the last 13 years, the DJF
been recognized some refinements in the law would be
been reduced dramatically over the past few years due to budget
been removed
been revoked for six months, by the time they served their time in jail
been significantly amended to address only increased information related
been significantly reduced and the investments tend to be in later stage
been submitted by specified entities
been subsequently amended, and the author indicates the health
been taken that address most of the opposition concerns
been that when companies take the time to understand
been using electronic notification for records requests for about eight
been working with stakeholders on the development of a new rate
been] proven to effectively accommodate and encourage safer bicycle travel
before "Index" insert "Cost
before a county board embarks on collection efforts. Such an amendment
before a health plan would be required to translate documents, and excluding from the threshold health plan Medi-Cal and Healthy Families enrollees
before accepting a listing to market or sell a ticket
before delivery of the gun, and a Handgun Safety Certificate for a
before housing values increase, these funds will not be available to
before listing
before making an expenditure. In addition, they suggest that
before the 2000-01 school year, to the extent funds
before the board for which the present application is made and that
before the Mayor Villaraigosa convened a panel of aviation, homeland
before the PUC. However, ORA states, "The expedited time frame set forth
before the word "provide" on , line 20 and before the word "post" on , line 5
beginning at line 10) create a new and dangerous
beginning line 30: (a) On and after January 1, 2015, the bank may approve up to a maximum of 15 applications for financing pursuant to the program or a total of fifty
begun to be dispersed at the analysis print deadline, there has
behalf of a Medi-Cal provider shall include a provision allowing the Medi
behalf, consulting with the agency to which the person is
behavior mistakes-are particularly amenable to treatment and rehabilitation
behavior that does not merit minority status, not a characteristic
Behavioral Health's Alcohol and Other Drug Services and Public Health's Tobacco Prevention Programs encourage the Business and Professions Committee
behind the Bagley-Keene Act. In general, unpublished court decisions may
being appraised-which current law allows-frequently fail scrutiny by DGS
being considered for parole suitability was a victim of intimate
being eligible for reimbursement if DHS finds that the drug
being placed on some type of furlough. Supporters note the additional
being prosecuted or not resulting in convictions
being required to assess CCRC residents going into a SNF
being required to inspect a predetermined number or percentage
being the result of the significant drop in the state's support to UC
being transferred, and notifying the agencies in writing if
being used, the landowner of a solar project built under these terms
beliefs or strongly held personal convictions, some young men do not want
believe a person who is the subject of a petition for civil
believe it critical to establish a funding plan for development of the Delta Plan and conclude it appropriate to pay for the plan with fees on
believe it goes too far in potentially absolving a retailer
believe it undermines the concept and purpose of drug
believe students should be prepared for both options and that academic and CTE standards should be aligned and integrated to the maximum extent
believe taxpayers would prefer that their hard earned tax dollars be
believe that any "greenfield" development within current PG&E
believe that California offering unsecured second mortgages for projects
believe that creating a new Bureau provides any additional
believe that DMHC and DOI currently have sufficient authority
believe that having reviewing physicians regulated by the California
believe that locally-determined dispute resolution procedures
believe that selective admissions criteria should not be used
believe that such a moratorium would eliminate the risk of executing any innocent people. It is highly likely that
believe that the bill creates another layer of bureaucracy to local
believe that the establishment of a significant
believe that their estimates are more comprehensive. In fact, they
believe that this measure would harm brand owners and the grape growers from whom the brands are sourced and furthermore
believe that without a study to indicate the need for such
believe the authority to engage in eavesdropping should be
believe the bill as written would make necessary, would deprive some
believe the bill's reporting requirements are duplicative. In addition, they
believe the current 30-day notice requirement to DHS is sufficient
believe the forfeiture provisions are necessary to achieve the goals of this legislation. The Legislature recently enacted a statute that imposes
believe the legislation establishes an unnecessary precedent with respect
believe the RTDD is complex and, when used by transferors without advice
believe these measures will accomplish the objectives
believe they can work out differences with the
believed they would be unduly punished financially for choosing to return
believes AB 852 is unnecessary because of the state's existing
believes California can do a
believes Community Corrections Partnership is an open forum which lends
believes it is important that "all board members feel a
believes more study and discussion is warranted on this issue
believes SB 505 lacks several provisions that are needed: a) effective limits on sharing unproven gang allegations with federal immigration enforcement agencies
believes such technologies should rely on market incentives. TURN notes
believes that a mental health practitioner must have the scientific training to examine and understand the physical and mental symptoms a patient displays. Only with the foundation
believes that AB 808 puts the cart before the horse, maintaining that the state should first "come to grips" with
believes that AB 925 will jeopardize the IC's
believes that failure of locals to comment is attributable to
believes that if design-sequencing authorization is provided for the State Highway System it should be done on a statewide basis and not
believes that if the Legislature had meant
believes that SB 1441 "would inevitably result in reverse
believes that SB 378 will make courts more efficient and result in cost savings
believes that SB 778 will
believes that the "technology specific overlay does not offer
believes that the bill creates inherent delays in the claim process, and
believes that this is the most workable way to ensure
believes that this issue can be better addressed by greater
believes that thousands of California businesses may
believes that UC and CSU should not be used for a comparison
believes the bill applies a special mandate to mobilehome park
believes the consolidation is a mistake because Judicial
believes the coverage should be affordable for all size
believes the exemption for anonymous donors is insufficient to cover
believes the person is an accredited investor. An issuer could use means
believes this provision abrogates the due process rights of persons who have not been convicted of a crime. CTA
below customary charges. Hospitals, including the California
below the SB 813 minimum levels of instructional time
beneficial goal of reducing water use
beneficiaries and destabilizes rate negotiations between
beneficiaries of rights specified in federal or state laws
beneficiaries of rights specifies in federal or state
beneficiaries, and would be even more so if applied to the highly-specialized needs of California's inmates. Medicare
beneficiaries. With Medi-Cal reimbursements at such a low
beneficiary results in the submission of a claim in excess of five hundred
benefit above and beyond the general public. As such, the surcharge is not
benefit from enhanced confidentiality of DMV records
benefit individuals above 200% FPL. Additionally, PhRMA
benefit low-income and rural communities in California. The sponsor
benefit package for their workers unless the core plan meets at least 60
benefit the consumers.' ... There is a process in place for the transition of DC clients to a community setting. That process is IPP-driven, and includes
benefit the department as a whole. The focus of good policy
benefit to the community as a whole. In the most recent National
benefit to the fee-payer. Lacking this nexus, opponents
benefit to the public
benefit to the public, nor does it
benefit upon employee organizations that should be subject to
benefit. TURN indicates its opposition would be withdrawn if the bill
benefiting from education, treatment, or rehabilitation, the court shall
benefits and offers of benefits that are being considered and passed by State Legislatures. They
benefits economic activity that would have occurred without
benefits from the construction and operation of private piers on state
benefits if they become unable to work due to injury or
benefits injured workers by ensuring their cases can be evaluated by a
benefits its members by lowering the cost of providing
benefits of 'open courts' laws in other states-such as
benefits of a syringe exchange program outweigh any potential
benefits of using disinfectants and other ready to use
benefits packages is discriminatory. ACOG
benefits the community as a whole
benefits these cost-effective devices provide, access to
benefits to have at least one active employee to qualify as a public
benefits without considering economic factors
benefits, almost 31% were issued citations for late payments
benefits, arguing mandated benefits increase premiums and result in some people being unable to afford coverage
Benicia residents overwhelmingly passed a ¾ cent general purpose sales tax
Benicia. California Specialty Extrusion Corporation
bereavement removes the flexibility of employers in determining when an
Besides the California Chiropractic Association
best demonstrated through clinical internships completed as part of an
best made by local leaders. "Usurping this local authority with an
better approach. We respectfully disagree. SB 260 would permit any person
Better Environment, College of the Desert's
better equipped to rescue victims and prosecute traffickers, human
better job at implementing this program and thereby
better opportunity to fully remodel the currently flawed
better prepare them for college and the workforce
better protect children by helping to limit or eliminate the use of cadmium in children's jewelry
better returns than under current law
better" mandated to provide that information. Regardless, any
between 14 and 21 years of age who are able to carry out the duties of a
Between 2008 and February 2023, 906 children in the United
between currently licensed professions
between July 1
between minors of similar age for conduct defined as sexual assault
between the CDFA and L.A. County from resulting in increased
between the child's parents. . . .Second, and even more
between the date a person retires and the date he or she may return to
between the detection of a chemical in a person and adverse
between the group market and the individual market
between the injuries the author cites and personal trainers. For one
between the interest rate that counties charge taxpayers for
between the physician and his or her patient. In his view, such interposition can give rise to divided loyalties and the potential abuses of commercial exploitation. He
between two minors does not need to be reported if the professional deems
beverages or make a determination that the customer is above the age of 21 and 'override' the system by keying in their clerk or other code in
beyond affected employees and their representatives, but into an unknown
beyond removing incentive for a prisoner to program and behave
beyond the $500,000 currently identified in the bill itself
beyond the cost of actual service delivery. SB 159 authorized a county
bid thresholds are designed to protect public agency finances
bidding preference for only those independently owned and operated California-based businesses that are not dominant in
bidding this service, presumably because it is already
bidding thresholds consistent with other open space districts in the Bay
biennial inventory of all necessary improvement
Big 6" accounting firms: Arthur Andersen & Co
bill "provides a reasonable solution to California's pet overpopulation
bill "undermines [fair housing] protections by allowing local governments
Bill 54 (Negrete-McLeod), which I was forced to veto. As a
bill additionally includes reporting to the State Water Board that would
bill aims
bill aligns with federal regulations that allow
bill also allows CSLB to safely waive certain licensing requirements
bill also could increase health care costs and decrease health
bill also enables STA
bill also encourages court self-help centers and other stakeholders that provide information and safety planning
bill also establishes a statewide task force
bill also permits counties to utilize such teams
bill also seeks to restore fairness to the system by limiting increases in employer contributions, to those employers whose
bill and
bill and have not yet had an opportunity to review the
bill and still meet the established verification
bill as drafted will preclude some communities from benefiting from the receipt of federal funds
bill as introduced
bill as unworkable. They
bill at the time this analysis was prepared, opponents of banning the shark fin trade have claimed that such a ban unfairly eliminates a long
bill contains nothing that
bill continues to criminalize dissemination of lawful speech
bill could reduce the availability of DJJ as a dispositional alternative
bill could result in significantly less revenue for counties. CSAC also
bill creates cost pressures of an unknown but potentially significant amount
bill demands that the crimes committed by such a convict be
bill does not contain the necessary safeguard to protect
bill does not cost any additional money as participating counties retain their ability to limit participation in the program and existing law
bill does not establish an appropriate nexus to allow it to be called a
bill does not establish an appropriate nexus to allow it to be called a fee
bill duplicates existing efforts
bill ensures families don't lose essential
bill ensures that a change desired by the carrier can take effect as soon
bill envisions grants to an Abortion Practical
bill establishes a new grant program without
bill expands existing law regarding implied consent for blood
bill extends
bill fails to set any requirements for the wireless industry to expand broadband facilities or
bill for copying, or is the payment automatic and immediate upon receipt of the copied information, or is it at time of payment for the disputed claim. The committee might consider clarifying language
bill further
bill goes a long way towards addressing the substantive inequities of the original Equal Pay Act, these improvements "must be accompanied by a
bill grants charter schools participating in the pilot project the same
bill ignores a multitude of no and low-cost programs, sponsored by the pharmaceutical industry, to provide
bill imposes a content-based restriction on lawful speech in
bill increases the period of parole for certain sex offenders and requires that the case load of parole officers be limited to allow for
bill inhibit biotech and biomedical firms from effectively
bill introduction. Therefore, ACLHIC proposed the amendment to the bill which
bill is also
bill is also unclear about whether it applies to
bill is based upon
bill is co-sponsored by the Anti-Recidivism Coalition and in a
bill is divisive and will erect unnecessary administrative barriers
bill is enacted, immigration screens will be imposed in programs
bill is intended to increase participation by allowing smaller cities to
bill is needed to help expedite the resolution of damage
bill is onerous, inflexible, and disproportionate to the conduct it seeks to punish. CHA
bill is redundant to Jessica's law that requires lifetime GPS monitoring
bill is supported by the California Labor Federation for similar reasons
bill is to protect children, and since current law that
bill is unnecessary and that law enforcement will not pursue license
bill is unnecessary given the significant improvements adopted
bill is unnecessary, as existing law adequately addresses this type of behavior. "...Section 653x(c), which can also be charged alternatively in
bill is unnecessary, as the court already has broad discretion to
bill language explicitly
bill last year
bill may disrupt its ability to deliver vaccines directly to
bill may eliminate the safeguards which exist for protecting
Bill No.: AB 489 12, 2001 version of AB 489. No official letters of opposition
Bill No.: AB None received on this version of the bill as of 12:00
Bill No.: SB Various private citizens, including real estate
Bill of Rights and the Firefighters' Bill of Rights
bill only applies to the largest online platforms with the greatest reach of potential election disinformation, and we
bill place requirements on hospitals. It is unclear whether
Bill proponents also describe the process by which the landfill has been
bill provides a potentially significant windfall to large
bill recognizes the need
bill represent the current deliberations of a working group with
bill represents the efforts of various
bill requires each SELPA submitting a local plan to the Superintendent to also ensure that the plan provides technical assistance to its member LEAs
bill requires the Department of
bill retains equalization funding targets (although at a lower level than la st year's bill) and retains
bill sacrifices safety, risks state liability, discourages
bill serves no practical purpose, and creates another
bill simply provides the same statute of limitations, administrative procedures, and remedies for all victims of discrimination
bill specifies that the CSU shall provide any startup and operational funding needed for doctoral programs from existing budgets for academic program
bill specify that the court must make a record of its reasons
bill sponsor, the California Credit Union League
bill starts the process of the state being obligated to pay for these costs
bill takes a few of those recommendations related to
bill takes a surgical approach to separate the vendors and merchants who are working hard
bill takes the wrong approach to getting there
bill Tehachapi Hospital will be unable to continue operating in its
bill that deemed a health plan or health insurance patient
bill that had more impact on the newborn screening program. The bill has
bill that require all EMT-I's to receive this training. These local EMS
bill that research has clearly demonstrated the positive effects that
bill that will result in improving the education of our children
bill to the $5,000 mental health limit established by SB 883 (Calderon, 2007) and place the new provisions under 13957(a)(B) as (iii), which
bill was held on this committee's Suspense File
bill was opposed by the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers, Consumer
bill weakens requirements for obtaining commercial hunting licenses and will reduce fee revenue to DFG
bill will
bill will also require the CHP to provide railroad police with logistical
bill will clarify the law to allow sharing between homebrew clubs as had
bill will do nothing to prevent criminals from acquiring ammunition and will do nothing to assist law enforcement in catching criminals
bill will drive up premium costs for employers and employees, that stricter
bill will ensure districts are using a formalized and objective process
bill will ensure that neither the public safety nor the defendant's
bill will entail a significant unfunded workload for the Employment
bill will expand the knowledge base and increase empirical data as to the financial impact of portability
bill will give members of health plans the opportunity to
bill will help the Sex Offender Management Board perform its role in
bill will help to ensure that every institution has a designated point of contact where students can freely express themselves and seek
bill will impose serious costs and burdens on the dietary
bill will lead to either reduced course sections or reduced student
bill will prove ineffective as most cell devices are smuggled into
bill would
bill would also result in General Fund administrative
bill would barely cover the costs of treating the Medicare
bill would be required for any adjustment to the rates for
bill would clarify existing law, and that NDs can safely administer
bill would expand the provisions of California's safe storage law to
bill would fundamentally weaken the rights of loving, capable, fit parents. It may be unconstitutional. It is certainly unfair
bill would impose new and somewhat ambiguous burdens on businesses as
bill would likely result in a proposal for a program
bill would likely significantly reduce the number of reports that are
bill would make related findings and declarations...PORAC
bill would not operate to bar public access to similar
bill would place an additional sizeable burden on school-site
bill would potentially eliminate the consideration of highly qualified persons because they are not
bill writes in support that current law requires EMS providers, when
bill's author in the 2023 Assembly Public Safety committee analysis
bill's co-sponsor
bill's provision to extend job-protected leave to family members of victims "will...enable a survivor's family member
bill's Sponsor
bill's sponsor, Common Sense Media
bill's sponsor, DOI
bill's sponsor, Housing California
bill's sponsor, Stronger Women United
bill's sponsor, the California Partnership to End Domestic Violence
bill's sponsor, the Golden State Manufactured Home Owners League (GSMOL)
bill's sponsor, the Trusts & Estates Section of the California Lawyers Association
bill, among several others pending before the legislature, because they
bill, but entities opposed have almost entirely removed their opposition
bill, by changing the threshold from $50 million to $15 million would
bill, even though it is estimated that only 386
bill, in part regarding the tight timeframe for reviewing
bill, including
bill, including the California Medical Association (CMA) and California
bill, including those sectors of the business community who
bill, it fails to meet the requirements I set forth
bill, it received five no votes in the Assembly Insurance
bill, states COIN helps address unmet capital needs by supporting
bill, states current statute creates a default payment rate to be paid to
bill, was vetoed by Gov. Brown in September 2011 with the following message
bill, which is long overdue and will ensure that consumers are
bill, writes, "Courts have repeatedly recognized that the use of the word
bill-Forests Forever-which
bill. AB 232 would have required each hospital to develop a
bill. Blood alcohol testing of all persons who cause fatal
bill. CNA
bill. CRA also
bill. Fundamentally, they
bill. SB 399 lists a number of criteria which must be satisfied by an
Billboards are not needed for the legal industry to communicate with consumers, other options abound, and many other
billing and collection activities of hospitals and their
billing be for a "material" improper building, and to specify
billing, ordering and shipping for the purchasing program
billion in California state and municipal bonds. As
billion in local sales tax funding for transportation projects across Riverside County that
billion in one-time mandatory PSSSA withdrawals
billion in state and local taxes
billion is provided
billion jail and prison telecom industry and disrupt the economic stability of both incarcerated people and their
bills appears to reflect opposition to implementation of the ACA
bills are still in policy conflict on this issue
bills for customers of one state will cause logistical concerns
binding finding of factual innocence
bingo revenues in jeopardy." The opposition further
bingo's ability to take advantage of modern technology and provide
bingo. As an example, they
bio" to psychosocial functioning implies the ability to
Bioethicists and Medical Doctors in
bird. Amendments taken in policy committee seem have resolved opponents' concerns
Birth centers have an established safety record, as documented in studies of birth center care in the United
blank check" - and no legislative review - regarding
blended model of instruction has the potential to be a valuable
blended unified rate
blenders, does not
blind eye to repeat offenders who cheat or injure consumers and then hide their illegal acts from government investigators
blocked the enactment of SB 686 last year.: POSITIONS
blood testing does not require probable cause, whereas current
blow a hole in the $4.6 million that currently supports charities in
Blue Book, because they
Bluff, Redding, Rocklin, Roseville, Shasta Lake, West Sacramento, Wheatland, Woodland, Yuba City
Bluff, Redding, Rocklin, Roseville, Shasta Lake, West Sacramento, Wheatland, Woodland, Yuba City Colusa County Economic Development
Board (CIWMB) has experience as an elected local
board actions to stabilize the CalPERS Long-Term Care Program and reopen
Board already reviews the local air district's
board also
Board also
Board and supported by the California Court Reporters Association
Board appreciates the extension of the Board's sunset date and
board could lead to politicization of the University retirement system and threaten the independence of the University in managing its
Board has adopted a
board hearing to determine these facts was not required as the court
Board in order to assist in accelerating the sales and use tax revenue stream generated through the Board's audit program by encouraging taxpayers to provide their information
Board is already able to take disciplinary action on a licensee in cases of fraud, gross negligence, or unlicensed practice, and
Board is pleased
Board members expressed
Board of Equalization has
Board of Equalization to improve the administration of taxes under its jurisdiction
Board of Equalization to improve the administration of the sales tax and other taxes collected by the Board
Board of Pharmacy has an
Board of Pharmacy in order to allow more flexibility in hospital pharmacy licensing
Board of Pharmacy in order to allow the restocking of emergency pharmaceutical supplies containers used on emergency transport vehicles and rescue trucks
Board of Pharmacy to address a lack of authority to waive statutory requirements related to security features on prescriptions for controlled substances
Board of Pharmacy to authorize the purpose of the medication to be provided on a prescription bottle
Board of Pharmacy to decrease the threat of counterfeit drugs and drug diversion and to address challenges presented by the existing distribution system for prescription drugs
Board of Pharmacy to establish standards for pharmacies
Board of Psychology raises in its opposition letter numerous concerns related to consumer protection, need for the bill, cost and workload, and equity, and
Board of Psychology to impose a requirement
Board of Registered Nursing has a
Board of Registered Nursing writes
Board of Supervisors, who
Board of Supervisors. There is no registered opposition to the bill
board of tax appeals can be appealed to the District Court of Appeal by the Franchise Tax Board. So, while the current
board originated from an ancient forest tree. The California
board shall not deny a license based solely on an applicant's failure
Board to adjust application and renewal fees to ensure
board to board, and depends in part on the attitude of the person holding
Board to ensure
Board to ensure high standards of optometry care are provided even when an optometrist is providing services on a volunteer basis
board to regulate managed care. The association
board vs. a department structure, and whether to put the new regulator in the Business, Transportation & Housing
Board will be able to analyze allowed duties of out-of-state licensees, but the Board will have less ability to determine in advance the difficulty and rigor that other
Board will ensure meaningful and sensible sunset review through the ability to hold board members responsible for Board actions, and transparency and accountability through Bagley-Keene Open Meeting
board writes
Board's authority and ability to adopt consensus standards for workplace
Board, local governments, large employers, dispensing
boards and bureaus distributing state summary criminal history
boards formula funding from the U.S. Department of Labor through three
boards receive funding from the U.S. Department of Labor through three
boards to develop more comprehensive and practical approaches to reducing recidivism
boards to oversee or enact regulation, the general
boards, and health care providers. However, current efforts at
Boards, and the Department of Health Services have all
boards, which are primarily appellate boards that hear
boards. CTA is concerned that no parallel process is required for charter
Boards. However, in fiscal years 2003-2004 and 2004-2005, costs for implementing CURES increased without a corresponding
boards. In the interim, I direct my administration to take all actions
BOC to facilitate restitution collection via the FTB Debt Collection Program
bodily injury, especially on school grounds. Certainly not
body has a general duty to assure the competency of its
body to make a declaration of a local emergency due to a
BOE Member George Runner to provide additional time for feepayers to adjust their budgets
BOE Member George Runner to provide additional time for feepayers to review their assessments
BOE Member Michelle Steel in order to provide some reasonable remedies to taxpayers
BOE stated it is not entirely clear which businesses would be subject to
BOE states, if an
BOE, the sponsor
bolstering local economic development. CLF
bond act is negotiated. However, I feel that the establishment of a modernization program prior to the development of the next bond act would be premature
bond funds consistent with the broad goals and specific targets described
bonds that have not been redeemed within 10 years of their maturity date
bone and dermis by any licensed dentist practicing in a lawful practice
Boston-based Northeastern University, which recently merged with Mills College
Both are designed
Both companies
both direct access Electric Service Providers
both employed and contracted-so that fewer would be concerned about housing
both federal and state laws against hiring undocumented workers
Both have
both have
both houses of the Legislature
both its commercial and Medi-Cal and Healthy Families programs, are
Both of these substantive changes will allow for a more support-driven approach to child
both of which make available significant funding and tax incentives
both of whom could make use of the bill's gas swap provisions
both proponents and opponents have been the billos proposed
both public agencies and contractors, we feel that dollar thresholds
both public and private postsecondary educational institutions within the state
Both the United
Both UC and CSU also raise several other policy-related objections to the bill
Both UC and CSU are opposed to the bill, principally because
bottle of a listed chemical from an out-of-state supplier. They
BPH already provides information about parole hearings to victims and generally
brain injury. In addition, veterans sometimes manifest undiagnosed
brand names , such as "Napa Ridge" and others, which
breast cancer treatment was medically appropriate
Breathe California who
breeding dogs in California, don't meet these criteria that are for USDA
breeding permit is no more difficult to comply with than a license or
bringing hope to these families and neighborhoods
brings that assertion into question. In one case, very limited
BRN has a
broad and costly
broad and unnecessary. Current law permits prosecutors to obtain a court
broad array of partners and stakeholders to deliver comprehensive
broad education in nursing care
broad enough that the DOI could add profits to the definition of administrative costs
broad goal of the Counseling Compact is to eliminate barriers to practice for licensed counselors and barriers to treatment for clients, by ensuring cooperation among member
broad representation of business interests
broad responsibilities and the priorities of Californians
broad solution. The California Medical Association (CMA)
broad, and might "open the door to the termination of teachers
broad-based revenue measures to fill the looming budget gaps. Proponents
broadband networks. Historically, those networks primarily provide
broadening of claimants to include all forms of invidious wage
broader coverage that SB 599 requires
broader in scope and not limited to the transportation industry. The bill was held in the Senate Rules Committee
broader policy grounds
broader, and which created an alternate felony/misdemeanor penalty, was
brokerage firms
brokerages and licensees
brought to emergency departments WANT and NEED
Budget advisory group discussions convened by DDS in 2009 focused on a self
budget can withstand several years of no revenue adjustment." UC
budget crisis has dramatically impacted classified school employees
budget deficit. At the time of this analysis, however, the segments were
budget deficits, which threaten many vital health, welfare and public
budget deficits, which threaten many vital health, welfare, and public
Budget experts often lament about the state's revenue volatility during times of fiscal morass. A refundable earned-income tax credit
Budget for 2008-09 seeks modifications to the Bond Act "to ensure that
budget increase...but euthanasia rates fell at a slower rate after the passage of the ordinance
budget process is designed to ensure both the Administration and the Legislature can provide input regarding the way in which funds are
Budget proposal directed this augmentation to emergency room
Budget proposes program expenditure levels--$59.3 million and $482 million, respectively--that would appear to carry the programs through June 30, 2005, or six months beyond the current sunset date
budget so that as populations decrease in the prisons, a commensurate
Budget: California Student Aid Commission report by the LAO, released February
budgeting, something we have been doing for the last year and will
Buffalo Soldiers in 2004
build housing for lower-income families in need
build-out of charging infrastructure receives
Building AB 286 (Dutra) Industry Credit Association (BICA)
building managers. The Alliance
Building Officials (CALBO), oppose SB 1222. They
With an
According to the Western
Centers for Medicaid and Medicare Services recently affirmed that
In the individual market, the ACA sought to preserve the balance between comprehensive coverage and affordability by requiring
According to a coalition
Additionally, DOF
building resilient and reliable regional food supply chains
builds the foundation for efficient record clearance efforts
bundled revenue cycle services if they choose to continue to
burden on business
burden on local agencies with the 60-day requirement, raises the financial risk associated with public works contracts, and would lead to
burden on physicians that may have nothing to do with patient
burden on ratepayers to fund the institute
burden on students with loans because an internship that
burden on the state's oil industry, from corporate and property taxes, is
burden to comply with the tax. BSA National and district councils
burden upon the motoring public
burdens in treating these medically fragile children. BCC
burdens on employers when federal law has already provided a
burdens on ordinary Californians. They
burdens, particularly regarding the collection and calculation of monthly
burdensome and expensive regulatory scheme on hospitals far
burdensome fingerprint requirements on biotech company
burdensome new requirements on California ski resorts and open them up to
burdensome restrictions on employers and financial institutions regarding
burdensome to legitimate car dealers
burdensome, poorly focused and will essentially discourage
burn cases require specialized expertise, and
burning marijuana and other drugs
bury consumers in paperwork to ensure all key rates, terms, and conditions are disclosed. The carriers also
buses, metro trains, light rail, paratransit and other services to get to
business advocates including the California Chamber of Commerce and the Construction Employers' Association
Business and religious groups opposed to this
Business groups
Business groups generally
Business groups registered in opposition to the bill state there is no evidence that the current FEHC
business groups such
business groups such as the California Chamber of Commerce
Business groups, including the California
business in California. Opponents also
Business interests
business is a key economic driver of job growth and economic development and continues to play a leading role in the state's economic recovery
business licenses for two violations by a rogue supervisor of a large
business necessity or undue hardship defense, which is why the CFRA currently is limited to employers of 50 or more persons
business needs can sometimes drive a need for a material change, and this
business owners from being able to seek out the lowest
business practice violation has never been assessed despite
business practices and policies but also allows dangerous criminal
business would be subject to potential legal action and opportunistic
business's attorney's fees are typically lower and the amount would not mean as much to a large company
businesses and businesspeople have nothing to fear from this
businesses collect a fee when they purchase a money order to
businesses from the costly practice of receiving (and paying for) unsolicited fax advertising
businesses not to use their own employees to perform a contract
businesses or organizations
businesses subject to that tax in the preceding
businesses that are not discontinued or transferred if the final tax
businesses that are operating without a license
businesses that authorize on-premises consumption of alcoholic beverages, without having a liquor license. However, such activity is banned under
businesses that provide nude entertainment but do not sell liquor or have
businesses to expand and upgrade, generating net tax revenue and jobs for
Businesses, both within the United
but after recent amends they are now
but also
but also for numerous educational institutions who utilize any type of proctoring service and third parties that
but also from students
but also help
but also lead to increased utilization of more costly healthcare services later. CCC
but also their families and
but also would
but are
But because of the FDA's inaction and regulatory loopholes, these chemicals are found in many food products, such as snacks, candy, and soda consumed by children in California and the United
But Clarence Ray Allen and Michael Morales had no hearing at
but does not provide any benefit or value to any of them or to the public
but does not provide any benefit or value to any of them or to the public. : The Firearms Policy Coalition
but does nothing to directly help consumers
but foundationally CALBO members
but foundationally our members
but given the long and successful history of the moratorium statute extensions
but has had visitation prohibited by some third party." CANHR, as well
But I don't
but instead chose to contribute a portion of their transit funding
but is not inclusive of professional development
but it [sic] hardly likely they would have approved if they knew CDCR would simply declare public safety improvements without a shred of evidence
but it also benefits fire-impacted residents and business owners by directing skilled professionals
but it was denied based on vagueness
but made less money
but marginally broader
but must respectfully
but not be limited to
but not paid
but now
but now given their size
but now operate with serious conflicts of interest and minimal transparency. The sponsors state PBMs control nearly every aspect of the prescription drug supply chain
but rather stem from the SOS's previous directive. In
but shared facilities can serve multiple growers across a region throughout the year
but some
but that this is not so under SB 693. Furthermore
but the CNRA does not currently have staff or a budget
but the entire country. (b) According to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
but the listed categories are fairly broad and we cannot
But the severe shortage of available organs from deceased donors in the United
but the solar equipment can be worth billions of dollars. Because of the relatively high value of the improvements compared to the amount of land
but the term refers to the content of lead in solder
but their effect is pushing these families further into poverty... CalWORKs families need
but these vague requirements are insufficient to offer real
But those dollars are allocated back to
But today
But too many survivors who need this
but we must
But when CRPA asked the above members to produce evidence
But when CRPA asked the above members to produce evidence to support these statements, none have produced anything substantiating their
but would also subsequently harm workers in fish processing and fishery
but would have actively
Buyer-broker agreements, which are now required in 18
by 15 percent, thereby increasing the cost of RCFE services
by 2016-17, and that while it continues taking steps to generate
by a licensed cosmetologist
by a medical provider, there is no clear guidance upon which an employer
by a noncustodial parent. (42 U.S.C. Section 666(a)(4).)
by a preponderance of the evidence
by a public or private youth center, youth recreation program, or
by a state or federal executive, or has made a showing of provided evidence of rehabilitation pursuant to Section 482. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this code, a person
By acknowledging the 20th anniversary of Sea Otter Awareness Week, ACR 169 can help us
By allowing Native American students who are members of a multi-state, border straddling, federally recognized tribe - but are residing in bordering
By allowing the Governor to declare PSPS as
by alternative motives to force the adult film industry out of California
by an employer with more than 20 employees. SB 719 (Johnston, 1997) created "Cal-COBRA," requires employers with fewer than
by any potential large solar projects in the district's service area
by applying only to a retiree who reinstates to active employment causing
by assuring district attorneys receive notice and an opportunity to be
by business groups and health plans. The California
by case basis
By clarifying when flood conditions begin and end, recognizing the utilization of forecasting models, and increasing reporting and accountability, SusCon
by clearly stating that electronic devices are prohibited except in very
By codifying these aspects of the SPA in state statute, CPHEN
By considering a course in the topic of maternal mental health, the Board
by county mental health, bipolar disorder, be added after schizophrenia, and before PTSD, so that PTSD is not seen as prioritized over other serious
by county probation
by DHS in response to the 1999 audit
by DHS. CCDAA
by direct response
by district attorneys
by EDD for the SDI program requires the applicant to establish disability
by eliminating legitimate bids from qualified companies that
By eliminating prior authorization requests for services that are nearly universally approved, Health Access
By enabling future operating
by ensuring that these individuals are properly trained and are in
By expressing state policy
By helping to prevent abuse, these practices also lower the liability risk of future
by homeowners, without separate analysis of whether the new provisions
by hospital based on data OSHPD already collects and groups
by hospitals to not preclude a hospital from assisting a
by improving teaching and learning in schools through the development of assessments of the Common Core State Standards in ELA and mathematics
By incorporating a six-month deadline from the Board, it will ensure victims receive a response in a reasonable time frame
by individuals who are severely mentally ill, suffering from dementia, or
by insurers often lead a consumer to accept a low-ball settlement offer
By investing in place-based
by issuance of a restricted or probationary license
By lending your
by mail option allows voters to complete their ballot at their
by means of a description or a map
by means of an electronic act
by obligating the state with ownership of the ramps and the responsibility
by other state laws and regulations, such as the state's
by persons charged with human trafficking
By pooling information across multiple
by practitioners, attorneys, and future department heads in a different manner
By prohibiting payment by piece, establishing joint and several liability and allowing wage
By providing law enforcement with access to real-time data from toll lanes, AB 2645 will better protect abducted children
by public entities, acquired with public funds, or created to mitigate a
by raising the bidding threshold
By reducing administrative barriers, CAADPE
By requiring each local detention facility to offer in-person visitation, Assembly Bill 964 mandates local detention facilities to provide the incarcerated with an opportunity to
by requiring employers to notify their employees about
By requiring MCMC plans to develop and conduct outreach to beneficiaries and physicians on an annual basis, CPEHN
by requiring payment by check for CRV transactions over $50
by residents who do not reside in the historically odesignatedo
by restoring the joint mutual selection process, we are thereby restoring
by right
by shifting already scarce administration dollars away from regular UI
by shifting cost risk to consumers. Since HSAs are paired with high
By simply restating CDCR's existing statutory authority to issue these credits, AB 622 ensures fairness in the parole process, reduces wasteful spending, and
by spending tens or even hundreds of millions of dollars on deceptive ads that often mislead voters about who really
by taxpayers cannot bear all of the costs of caring for the uninsured, and the public has a right to expect a certain level of societal benefit
by the 170 fees, and insurance companies paid only 38
by the authority conferred by the bill
by the California Postsecondary Education Commission or state
by the California Sex Offender Management Board has shown that the re
by the Church of Scientology
by the Church of Scientology, Los Angeles/Hollywood Chapter
by the DIR
by the governor in September 2012 with the following message
by the heirs of deceased personalities who, for example, have
by the increased registration fees falls far short of what
by the Osteopathic Medical Board of California. CCA
by the Penal Code
by the proposition sponsors during the election
by the small percentage of forms actually being entered into
by the State Controller. The PT Postponement program is a loan program
by the state, they are vulnerable to lawsuits and extraordinary claims
by the trust upon resolution of the case by the Board. SB 1105 would
by the voters in a statewide or local election. This
by third parties into a system maintained by DOJ. Allowing an
by UCRS by allowing UC to offer attractive benefits so that it may
by up to six months in county jail and/or a fine of up to $1,000
by written agreement. SEC. 11. Section 22505.2 is added to the Business and Professions Code
by, among other things, failing to allow for fair use and dissemination of works in the public domain. This approach
by-bill, vaccine-specific approach now being used, a more systematic, science-driven approach to ensure that the state-mandated immunization
By: Senate Governmental Organization Committee - Steve Hardy
C & AB 1622 (Liu) L Refrigeration Corp
c) $95,324 to Superior Galleries in payment for auction services provided
c) 18,300 full-time equivalent jobs have been lost to date as a result of out-of-state online sales. This number is projected to grow to 34,100
c) A build-out of delivery networks
c) AB 1564 (Lara) makes volunteers of public and private organizations
c) AB 1892 (Smyth), Chapter 40, Statutes of 2008, provided that a
c) AB 2200 (Solorio), 2010, which established a similar reentry program, was held on this committee's Suspense File
c) AB 2280 (Miller) would have provided a complete SUT exemption for all
c) AB 481 shouldn't be passed until there is a federal disaster solution in place
c) add a public health expert, including an expert in population or community health, to the board membership
c) Although the stated intent of the bill is to 'promote economic
c) Concern that the combination of mandating coverage for therapy that seeks to
c) Critical Resistance , a national grassroots group that
c) Current law authorizes law enforcement to make RSO information
c) Efficacy. There is nothing that prevents a registered sex offender
c) enhanced penalties for multiple convictions within a seven-year period
c) Establish a timeframe for storage of reproductive material
c) Federal government. The federal government is still out $28 as noted
c) For providing false information on an escrow agent
c) Francisco Carillo, binding factual findings and credibility
c) Hospitality workers for hotels and restaurants
c) How this tool would interact in former redevelopment project areas
c) inclusion of a person formerly included in a shared gang database on the oversight committee
c) Individual susceptibility to vaccine reactions and vaccine providers cannot reliably predict who will be harmed
c) is dangerously expansive at the expense of individual rights
c) It allows district hospitals located within certain medically
c) Makes a violation of the above a misdemeanor punishable
c) Manufacturer discounts and promotions target communities that lack access to healthy, affordable foods in their neighborhoods and are especially prevalent in low-income communities
C) Rates: Both bills propose changes in the rates
c) Requires DOJ to establish and
c) SB 1642 (Romero), 2005-2006, would have, contingent upon a vote of the people, amended the three strikes law to limit cases in which a life
c) SB 449 (Pavley) authorized the Controller, if sufficient funds are
c) Substantial penalty amounts may be applied not just to illegal
c) Suggested amendment . The consultation with DMHC in this
c) Textbook revisions: Basic information on the changes between editions
c) The bill threatens the long-term stability of the fund
c) The bill's effect on existing brands could be held to be an
c) The California Hospital Association: "The Inmate Health Care and Medical Provider Fair Pricing Working Group, established as a result
c) The juvenile is a proper subject to be dealt with under juvenile court law
c) The minor has not previously been committed to CDCR's DJF
C) The patient is homeless or indigent and does not have a regular or preferred pharmacy
c) The pattern of donations does not change. Many taxpayers may not find
c) The Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors states, "We
c) Three peace officers of the rank of sergeant or below
c) To reimburse the Department of Fish and Game for operating funds used
c) Well locations are publicly available in other documents, such as
c. Insurers could use information gained from
CA Alliance for Consumer Protection [to the bill as introduced
Ca Attorneys for Criminal Justice (CACJ), the ACLU, and the CA Public Defenders (CPDA) Association. According to CPDA, "[t]he death
CA Attorneys for Criminal Justice and the National Jury Project (NJP) who
CA Attorneys for Criminal Justice reference a 2004 DMV study
CA Attorneys for Criminal Justice state a concern that
CA Attorneys for Criminal Justice state, "The 4th Amendment of the United
CA Attorneys for Criminal Justice state, "We
CA Attorneys for Criminal Justice write, "Judges
CA Federation of the Arts [previous version of bill
CA State AB 1949 (Conroy) Pipe Trades Council
CA Teamsters (to the proposed increased criminal fines and penalties
CA/HI NAACP proudly
CA/HI NAACP respectfully
CAA further
CAA is proud
CAA strongly
CAB enthusiastically
CABE is pleased
Cable and Telecommunications Association, creates a public and transparent
CACEO further
CACJ also
CACJ and CDLA question the need to eliminate judicial discretion. Our
CACTTC and makes several changes to the laws related to property tax collection
CACTTC is proud to co-sponsor and
Cadiz, in opposition to the bill
CAHF describes several disagreements with the bill as drafted, noting that CAHF
CAHF, (Oppose
CAHP also
CAHP does not suggest specific amendments but expresses a
CAHP is still in discussions with CHBRP about ways to further enhance these analyses to ensure that they continue to
CAHP must respectfully
CAHP states it is unclear how detailed this investigation must be and is
CAHPERD is pleased
CAHU also
Cahuilla Band of Indians still have an
CAJPA fears that much of the cost-saving medical reforms could be rolled
Cal Cities stands
Cal Cities) regretfully must take a position
CAL FIRE already establishes the perimeter of a fire for which a state of emergency is declared, and OES
Cal Grant 'T' awards be issued annually. (ECS 69440)
Cal program will be able to access these products. The Pharmaceutical
Cal provider to immediately recall a debt from collection pursuant to
Cal, or if they qualify, through a qualified health plan in the state's
Cal-Tax notes a number of counties have found ERAF funds
Cal-Tax writes in opposition that it
Cal., Orange County, San Diego and Silicon Valley chapters
CAL/ACEP indicates that the language that directs the monies, which were appropriated in the Budget, was inadvertently
CALCASA and other entities
CALCASA is strongly
calculated on the highest market value of the water, which may be very
calculating a fee for a solar energy system by utilizing specified
CalEPA to convert the state's report and document producing process from print form to electronic and compact disc form
CalFood incrnia Student Aid Commission
California (*representing professional
California (Ackerman) of Counties
California (and other
California (Assembly Judiciary Committee)
California (Battin) continued Association
California (Battin) PageB Association
California (Correa)
California (Dymally) Association
California (Floyd) continued
California (Frommer) continued
California (Johnson)
California (Karnette)
California (Nava) Association
California (Wesson) continued
California AB 202 (Knox) Coalition
California AB 401 (Setencich)
California AB 71 (J. Horton)
California ACEP notes they would be pleased
California Advocates for Nursing Home Reform (CANHR) writes
California American Water - Opposeto include: investor owned utilities
California and Medi-Cal are likely to return to these trusted sources
California and the accompanying budget cuts of the last several years, it
California and the local First 5 Commissions since many
California are already heavily taxed, and higher taxes make
California are not as efficient as they could be. The air
California as well as regulations on diesel engines at ports. Additional
California Assessors Association to address a variety of issues of concern to the assessors
California Association for the Blind and contains an urgency clause
California Association of Area Agencies on Aging to require CDA to develop and implement a procedure for electronic transfer of funds from CDA to the AAAs
California Association of Clerks and Election Officials to provide proper training of assessment appeal board members and to ensure
California Association of County Treasurers and Tax Collectors and supported by other local government entities
California Association of County Treasurers and Tax Collectors to improve administration of property taxes
California Association of County Treasurers and Tax Collectors who is
California Association of Health Facilities The following organization
California Association of Health Plans (CAHP) in an
California Association of Health Plans (CAHP) would
California Association of Health Services at Home to assure continued availability of IV and infusion drug therapy by restructuring reimbursement for this home-based therapy
California Association of Mental Health Patients' Rights Advocates to clarify the rights and responsibilities of mental health advocates
California Association of Mutual Water Companies and supported by a large coalition of MWCs
California Association of Nonprofits has withdrawn its
California Association of Nurse Anesthetists and other groups representing nurses and nurse midwives
California Association of Nurse Practitioners to reduce ambiguity about what services may be authorized and provided by NP under current law standardized procedures
California Association of Port Authorities, including the Port of Oakland, is neutral as of 9/3/99. Western States
California Association of ProfessionalVictims Group Opposed to
California Association of Realtors (NOTE: THIS ANALYSIS REFLECTS AUTHOR'S AMENDMENTS TO BE OFFERED IN
California Association of Realtors and Poverty (source)
California Association of Realtors explains its
California Association of REALTORS has an
California Association of Realtors supports the premise of the bill, but
California Association of Realtors to codify the finding of a recent California appellate case
California Association of Realtors will
California Association of Realtors write as
California Association of Realtors writes in support, "The California Association of REALTORS
California Association of Realtors, writing about the prior version of the bill (which did not exempt most minor alterations of images)
California Association of REALTORS® strongly
California Attorney General (February 17, 1998 version of bill)
California Attorney General Kamala Harris, California District
California Attorney General Rob Bonta wrote
California Attorney General's Office recognizes that discrimination has no place in our society, including strictly enforcing the recently enacted state law that prohibits state-funded travel to
California Attorney General, "human trafficking is among the world's fastest growing criminal enterprises
California Attorney Generalos Office Association for
California Attorneys for (Polanco)
California Attorneys for (Poochigian) PageB
California Attorneys for (Sharon Runner)
California Attorneys for AB 1551 (Sharon Runner) PageB Criminal Justice
California Attorneys for Criminal Justice oppose
California Attorneys for Criminal Justice writes, "Prosecutors should not be able to 'forum shop' to have a
California Attorneys for Criminal Justice: While we agree that preventing human trafficking to be a noble goal
California Authority of (Harvey) continued
California Authority of (Maddy) continued
California Authority of (Negrete McLeod) continued
California Auto Dismantlers Association in an effort to help prevent improper access to salvage vehicles
California Banker's Association Bill No
California Bankers Association (Note this opposition was based on credit scoring provisions since deleted.)
California Bankers Association in order to extend the sunset on a provision of the Commercial Code
California Bankers Association raises a federal preemption argument citing a recent bulletin from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) that contains contestable
California barely qualified in 1997 for the CDC
California based bookseller
California Beer and Beverage AB 216 (Wesson)) continued Distributors
California Behavioral Health Directors Association has a
California Behavioral Health Directors Association of California (CHBDA) in a
California Behavioral Health Directors Association to improve comparability and accessibility of county MHSA revenue and expenditure
California Behavioral Health Planning Council in an
California Board of Accountancy writes
California Board of Pharmacy to increase the immunization rates among adults in California
California Broadband and Video Association and supported by other business associations and environmental groups
California Building Industry Association (supported similar legislation contained in SB 6x 4 (Ashburn))
California Building Industry Association (with respect to Section 437c summary adjudication provisions only)
California Building Industry Association had an
California Building Industry Association letter pending
California Building Industry Association writes
California Building Officials (CALBO) regret to inform you that we are strongly
California can be leader in taking steps to better
California cannot afford to negatively impact the companies that are
California Catholic Conference and a number of other faith-based groups opposed to abortion rights
California Catholic Conference of AB 1942 (Nava) Bishops
California Catholic Conference | | |Grade(s) |Content Tested | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |CSTs |All students unless |2-11 |ELA, grades 2-11
California Catholic Conference | |Grade(s) |Content Tested | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |CSTs |All students unless |2-11 |ELA, grades 2-11
California Central Valley Flood Control Association (CCVFCA) writes in an
California Central Valley Flood Control Association OF SECTION 2
California Central Valley Flood Control AssociationOF SECTION 2
California Chamber and California Farm Bureau Federation along with a number of agricultural and business organizations and GSAs (Coalition)
California Chamber of Commerce - in their letter, the Chamber indicated the following groups were opposed
California Chamber of Commerce and a coalition of employer groups
California Chamber of Commerce and listed organizations must respectfully
California Chamber of Commerce and numerous individual hospitals and health systems also
California Chamber of Commerce and the 94 organizations listed remain respectfully
California Chamber of Commerce, Attorney General of SB 1387 (Poochigian) PageB California
California Chamber of Commerce, while expressing sympathy for the bill's intent
California Chamber of Commerce: AB 1130 is also overly broad and confusing. The reference to any "unique physical representation or digital representation of biometric data
California Chamber of Commerce: SB 749 jeopardizes this constitutional right to privacy
California Chapter of the American College of Emergency Physicians (Cal ACEP) states in a
California Chapter of the American College of Emergency Physicians writes that they would
California Chapter of the American College of Emergency Physiciansto require physicians associated the emergency stabilization services be board-certified in emergency medicine
California Chapter writes
California Charter Schools Association, is opposed to the bill and
California Child, Youth & AB 472 (Aroner)
California Child, Youth and (Wesson and Thompson)
California Children's Hospital Association is in a
California Children's Hospital Association to allow the state to obtain over
California Chiropractic Association (CCA) states they would
California Chiropractic Association (CCA) would like AB 1226 to be amended
California Climate & Agriculture Network states we
California Climate and Agriculture Network, in support of the bill
California Clinical Laboratories Association (CCLA) writes
California Coalition for Supervised Visitation and
California Coalition for Youth, which
California Commission on Aging is in strong
California Commission on Uniform State Laws, the sponsor of the bill
California Common Cause (to AB 1587, an identical bill pending in the Senate)
California Common Cause, sponsor of this measure
California Common Cause. In its letter of support, the California Common
California Community Builders writes
California Community Choice Association (CalCCA) has an
California condemns a young person to a life behind bars
California continues to lag far behind other
California Council for Environmental and SB 98 (ALARCON)
California CVSOs and VSOs have a long tradition of providing free, high-quality assistance with disability
California Democratic Party, various caucus chairs
California Department of Education Costs totaled $16,000 (0.4 percent) per school. Services provided by CDE included
California Department of Insurance and supported by a number of criminal justice organizations and attorney associations
California Department of Insurance to address premium refund issues
California Department of Insurance to ensure laws
California Department of Insurance to extend the sunset of the LCAP and to modify reporting and notice requirements
California Department of Insurance to increase conformity of state law relative to recommendations of the NAIC PMLA
California Department of Veterans Affairs in a effort to ensure
California Dialysis Council to conform California requirements to recent federal guidance for certification of dialysis professionals and facilities under the Medicare and Medicaid programs
California Distributors Association in order to help distributors meet the increasing cost demands of their bonding requirements
California District Attorneys Association NOTE: THIS ANALYSIS REFLECTS AUTHORS' AMENDMENTS TO BE OFFERED IN COMMITTEE (SEE COMMENT 6)
California District Attorneys Association to cover the large number of oil "spills" that take place in the state's nonmarine waters
California District Attorneys Association. "Given the additional protections in place to guard against unlawfully obtained juvenile confessions
California District Attorneys Association: AB 1636 is also unworkable. Many times arrests are made
California District Attorneys Association: Concerns
California District Attorneys Association: Current law already strikes a good balance between discharge from
California District Attorneys Association: The underlying premise of SB 136 is that a recalcitrant criminal should be sentenced the same as a first-time offender
California District Attorneys Association: We
California District Attorneys bill)
California driver's license, or California identification card issued by
California Efficiency + Demand Management Council who note the rising cost of utility infrastructure
California Emissions Testing Industries and several other industry groups
California employers to inadvertently violate the law
California Energy Commission (CEC) projects that California will need 1 million chargers
California established a state earned income tax credit -- the CalEITC -- which targeted
California Families writes in opposition that "SB 774
California Farm Bureau and groups whose members are regularly subject to DFG regulation who
California Farm Bureau Federation (CFBF) and a number of agricultural trade associations
California Farm Bureau Federation has an
California Farm Bureau Federation is in opposition and
California Farm Bureau Federation states: The dumping of illegal waste within [rural] communities
California Farm Bureau has an
California Farm Bureau has taken an
California Federation of Teachers, a co-sponsor of the bill
California Federation of Teachers: GOVERNOR'S VETO MESSAGE
California Financial Services Association (CFSA) is AB 2001's sponsor and
California fire fighters for its one-size-fits-all approach with measures such
California from developing its own standards. Consequently, most air conditioners sold in California, and most air
California Grocers Association writes
California Grocers Association's letter indicating an
California had provided stunningly little state investment or
California has a great opportunity to align with many other
California has already passed laudable legislation
California has also experienced a decline in hosting large conventions in recent years, with some events relocating to other
California has fallen behind federal guidelines and practices adopted by other
California has invested [more than] $1 billion from the General Fund to fulfill our 30x30 goals and
California has outdated laws that classify basic household appliances as "amenities" instead of a necessary part of a rental home, one of the few
California has the highest minimum wage in the United
California has the largest population of Native Americans out of any state in the United
California Homebrewers Festival." The CHA
California homebuilders represented by the California Building Industry
California Hospital Association to improve the TAR process for providers
California Housing Consortium and Housing California are
California Housing Partnership and supported by a large coalition of affordable housing organizations and providers
California Housing Partnership and supported by other affordable housing and regional planning entities
California Housing Partnership Corporation and supported by other affordable housing entities
California Housing Partnership strongly
California Housing Partnership wrote the following
California if subject to prior approval
California in the evening hours on weekends. These races were
California is behind other
California is currently one of a tiny, shrinking handful of
California is estimated to be at least three hundred and fifty million dollars ($350,000,000), in large
California is exempt from this section. (f) (1) Each public postsecondary education institution shall institute
California is home to the largest and most diverse immigrant community in the United
California is in a small minority of
California is one of many
California is one of only 21
California is one of only eight
California is one of only seven
California is one of only three
California is one of the only
California is unable to secure federal approval or Medicaid federal financial
California Judges Association writes the following
California Judges Association: Many courts already struggle with the challenges of having enough jurors available for prospective jury service
California juvenile justice system)
California Labor Federation also
California Labor Federation and supported by various labor groups and others
California Labor Federation on behalf of
California Labor Federation, a co-sponsor of the bill
California Labor Federation, in support of the bill
California lacks high quality curriculum materials that
California law currently
California law while they are in this state
California law, an applicant's prior employment history is not something
California leads the world grew out of university-based research, it is
California Legislative LGBTQ Caucus writes the following
California Legislative Women's Caucus and other groups
California legislators to use scarce resources wisely. Locking up every
California Legislature (letter signed by Senators John Burton, Byron Sher, and Jackie Speier and Assemblymembers Lou Papan, Kevin Shelley and Joe Simitian)
California license, and all of which are pending in the Assembly
California licensed health care professionals supervised by
California licensed physicians would appear to be detrimental
California may proclaim itself an 'Abortion Sanctuary,' however, California may not thwart the laws of other
California Mental Health Directors Association to expand the availability of CSOC services and ensure better accountability for program performance by CSOC counties
California Moving and Storage Associate made a late-submission
California Municipal Utilities Association (CMUA) and a number of water agencies and agricultural trade associations
California National Organization for AB 2889 (Laird) Women
California Nurses Association Oppose: Mead Johnson Nutritionals, a Bristol-Myers Squibb
California Nurses Association writes the following
California Optometric Association to establish a limitation period on the Board of Optometry for disciplinary actions undertaken against licensed optometrists
California Pharmacists Association and supported by retail pharmacies and numerous consumer organizations
California pharmacists will not be willing to violate federal
California Physical Therapy Association to provide a narrow exception to the laws governing physical therapy services in order to allow students with an IEP to be served by physical therapists
California Planning and Conservation League and supported by the Imperial County Board of Supervisors and several environmental groups
California Podiatric Medical Association to update the Podiatric Practice Act to reflect contemporary podiatric medicine
California Police Chiefs Association: "The current manual utilized by POST was published in 2014 and revised in 2017
California Police Chiefs' AB 1391 (Hertzberg) Association
California Police Chiefs' Association SB 78 (Murray)
California policy should
California Primary Care Association (CPCA) Advocates are
California Primary Care Association and supported by DHS
California Primary Care Association to help ensure
California Probation, Parole and AB 319 (Frommer) Correctional Association
California Probation, Parole, and SB 282 (Petris)
California Professional Firefighters and addresses a range of significant issues with regard to the status and discipline of EMT statewide
California Professional Firefighters and dozens of local union affiliates
California Professional Firefighters and supported by other firefighting associations
California Professional Firefighters and supported by other labor organizations and environmental justice groups
California Professional Firefighters to increase oversight and uniformity of emergency medical services statewide
California Professional Firefighters was opposed to the previous version when it had substantive provisions
California provides no public funding for this emergency food network and in tight budget times, the Emergency Food for Families Fund represents an
California Psychiatric Association (CPA) to extend the sunset date of the Assisted Outpatient Treatment Demonstration Project Act enacted by AB
California Psychiatric Association and supported by physician groups
California Psychiatric Association to bolster the psychiatric workforce
California Psychological Association to establish a record retention statute for psychologists in private practice
California Psychological Association to provide licensed clinical psychologists
California Public Defenders Association: AB 1121 is highly likely to discourage Californians from accepting such treatment
California Public Defenders Association: Given the incidence of domestic violence in the United States and California
California Public Utilities Commission, with technical
California racetracks a marketing tool and leverage with tracks
California ranks toward the bottom in per-student funding compared to other
California Rental Housing Association, opposes the additional burden it
California Rental Housing Association, which
California Respite Association writes is
California Restaurant Association (CRA) also
California Restaurant Association (the author
California Restaurant Association, in support of a previous version of the bill
California Restaurant Association, in support of a prior version of the bill
California Restaurant Association, which represents the restaurant and foodservice industry
California Restaurant Association: GOVERNOR'S VETO MESSAGE
California Retailers Association also
California Retailers Association continues
California Retailers Association for the purpose of simplifying the collections of the sales tax by retailers for goods
California Retailers Association in an effort to equalize the standards governing the reimbursement of sales tax on worthless accounts
California Rifle & Pistol Association strongly
California Right to Know Coalition and the
California saw a state-record $785 million poured into efforts
California SB 1330 (Dunn) Church IMPACT
California SB 1871 (Wright) Retailers Assn
California SB 305 (Morrow) Million Mom March United with the Brady Campaign
California SB 312 (Campbell) Association of Hospitals and Health Systems
California SB 880 (Ashburn) Catholic Conference
California SB 964 (Johannessen) Employment Law Council
California School Nurses Organization in order to provide a definitive answer to the linkage of school nurses services to student attendance
California School Nurses Organization states "We are the proud co-sponsors of this measure and fully
California Senior Legislature as one of its Top Ten State Priority proposals from the October
California Senior Legislature to address the safety needs of seniors and persons with disabilities
California Senior Legislature to authorize certain members of a CEDRT to access death certificates electronically from the county department
California Senior Legislature to facilitate the timely reporting of suspected elder and dependent adult financial abuse
California Senior Legislature writes in strong
California seniors like their Medicare and strongly
California shares borders with 3
California should
California should welcome qualified teachers from other
California Society of Plastic Surgeons and the California Rheumatology Alliance were
California Special Districts Association and other groups representing local governments
California Special Districts Association and the California State Association of Counties are
California Special Districts Association states in an
California Special Districts Association, California State
California State Association of Counties: This legislation will do little to prevent youth from being sent to DJJ and instead result in significant financial impacts on counties. This fiscal impact
California State Association of Electrical Workers is the sponsor of this measure and
California State Association of Psychiatrists writes that while they
California State Commanders Veteran Council which is
California State Council -- END
California State Employees Association (SEE COMMENT 7 FOR RECOMMENDATIONS OF 5/12 SUBCOMMITTEE ON PRISON CONSTRUCTION AND OPERAITONS
California State Employees Association: GOVERNOR'S VETO MESSAGE
California State Employees' Association (SEE COMMENT 8 FOR RECOMENDATIONS OF MAY 12 SUBCOMMITTEE ON PRISON CONSTRUCTION AND OPERATIONS HEARING)
California State Floral Association with the intent to increase sales tax payments and reporting compliance by flower sellers
California State NAACP to foster strategies
California State Pipe Trades Council. (It is unknown if the latest amendments remove any of the above
California State Sheriff's Association: AB 732...would mandate
California State University and the Academic Senate for California Community Colleges were
California State University Individual letter from a member of the Alumni Association
California Strategic Growth Council, October 27 2022 meeting: Action Item 7 staff
California Student Association of Community Colleges to recognize the additional time college students must spend outside the classroom to prepare for their courses
California students with parents who are undocumented have been unable to apply for federal financial aid through the FAFSA, even if they themselves are citizens of the United
California Taxpayers Association and a long list of industry groups who contest the legal authority of ARB to raise and distribute revenue through the use of an auction mechanism
California Taxpayers Association on behalf of
California Taxpayers Association wrote that they are
California Taxpayers' Association, if
California Teachers Association, Governor's
California Teachers Association. Prior Legislation: SB 1248 (Calderon) of 1993 (Died in Assembly Public Safety)
California Teamsters are
California that will effectively and practically identify
California to help injured workers in these sorts of cases
California Transit Association in an effort to increase revenues for county transit services
California Trucking Association writes
California use for business license discovery efforts to identify
California voters if their public servants actively undermine their own
California were filed at a rate 3 times the national average, and that
California were filed at a rate three times the national average, and that the data, in particular from the CHSWC, paints an incomplete
California will be at the whim of other
California will need to be in compliance with an abundance of new
California with greater certainty
California Workforce Association and supported by local LWDBs
California Workforce Association and supported by other workforce development partners
California Workforce Association and supported by social justice groups
California would be adversely affected by a ban on the usage of this product
California would join 31 other
California writes
California Yacht Brokers Association to assure
California Yacht Brokers Association to eliminate outdated and unused provisions
California Youth Authority schools are not included in
California" requirement does not work for EDD's purposes, that law is being
California's "do not call" law. In addition, the AG
California's criminal courts
California's current Cunningham sentencing fix, "The California statute
California's data has had a chance to properly mature, AJR 9 fails to
California's day care and school-entry statute for a certain age or grade, only to later become outdated when immunization guidelines have been
California's defiance of those
California's Early Learning and Care Master Plan has set a goal to strengthen programs and services
California's Equal Pay Act. Men of color, who are paid less than white
California's existing statutes regarding real property
California's existing, lawful and successful program to collect use tax
California's high demand for nurses. However, due to
California's hypothetical school had 696 students in 32
California's Master Mutual Aid Agreement is the most comprehensive such agreement in the country and provides critical
California's one-stop career centers are effectively coordinating with a
California's parole laws provide opportunities for parole consideration based on age and the length of incarceration
California's poverty rate is higher than the national average, and the gap between rich and poor
California's public colleges to pay resident tuition if they have attended
California's record sealing laws do not apply to federal jurisdictions or other
California's safe handgun law and the newer safety requirements such as
California's Three Strikes law affects how adults are sentenced if they were previously convicted of a serious or violent felony, commonly referred to as a 'strike,' and
California's unique process largely precludes it from developer consideration, as it does not offer the same certainties in timeline and cost that other
California's] failed electric deregulation
California, 4 individuals
California, and others. Supporters point to the need for a
California, and result in a government run health care system
California, as well as 23 other
California, by January 15, 2001, with final standards
California, don't meet these criteria that are for USDA commercial dog
California, during this period, was one of the few
California, Nevada and Hawaii
California, Orange and San Diego Counties, and Silicon
California, Sacramento and Bay Area Sections of California
California, the sponsor of the bill, states the current allowance given
California, which could reduce the options to local elections officials
California, which generally
California-licensed physicians
California-licensed physicians, and
California. It is worth noting that local agencies are not required to
California. The sponsor
California. They
California. We
Californians are not being met. Despite the establishment of the state's Equal Access Fund, and impressive gains in efficiency and fundraising by
Californians by assuring that no individual with family coverage will have
Californians can continue
Californians do not need yet another report to tell
Californians fought a multiyear battle to get the groundbreaking Racial Justice Act into law, and a similar lengthy battle for a decertification mechanism which most other
Californians had incomes below the federal poverty line in 2009 and about
Californians have access to clean, potable drinking water
Californians seeking certified copies of documents. Moreover, they
Californians statewide by holding carrying events in public places like
Californians uninsured. The association notes a reputable
Californians who used counselors for initial enrollment in Covered
Californians with busy schedules make the time to vote. The vote by mail
Californians without health insurance, and that 84 percent
Californians. The proponents also
call California home
called cannabimimetics and can cause dangerous health effects. The drugs are made specifically to be abused. Like many other illegal
CalPERS' information technology (IT) systems were unable
Calrecycle's market development payments or the products made by those
CalRecyle to assess the environmental and health impacts of burning
CALSAGA is committed to measures that protect the safety and well-being of security officers and the public and
CalSTA accurately
CalSTRS to (1) prescribe the form of accepting electronically signed
CalSTRS to determine the form, including electronic, that county
CalWORKs families need
Camarillo Unified (a parent group seeking to unify the Pleasant Valley Elementary District)
campaign could receive a financial windfall by having one of its campaign
Campaign, Coalition of California Utility
Campaign-a coalition of environmental and public interest
campuses creates unnecessary cost pressures for the Secretary of State and local elections officials
Campuses with participation below 5% likely would need to redirect or hire outreach staff to recruit students for the program and redirect or hire additional academic advisors
can afford to use, and may lead to a long-term erosion of comprehensive job
can already collaborate to create a uniform
can avoid estate recovery through appropriate estate planning, so estate
can be engaged in our legislative process
can be found in the preface of textbooks or at a publisher's website
can earn while remaining in custodial facilities. This disincentive then
can foresee this type of information being used is one where a resort's
can include tax payments, employee wages, businesses, and child and
can lawfully perform the utilization review function. The Administrative
can prove that a driver has recently used a drug, but cannot distinguish
can rely in order to determine what qualifies as 'reasonable
can rely on access to these benefits over the long term and avoid
Canal becomes operational in 2015
cancer detection, diagnosis, and treatment entry services, which is precisely what the BCCP provides. Positioned in the section of DHS that houses other cancer programs such as
candidates to office
CANHR states it has received numerous emails and phone calls from low
cannot also be used as an aggravating factor. Therefore, AB 1895 would make an element of the crime also an
cannot be adequately funded without an individual mandate, and that health
Cannot be verified at this time
cannot imagine that such behavior is not already proscribed
cannot impose further requirements on franchise holders
cannot issue bonds to build facilities
cannot pay the operational costs of the devices, or if they are unable to
cannot sign this legislation
CAOC has long opposed using prevailing party attorney's
cap should be less than the high end of the Sierra Club's study range
CAPA points to a California Health Care Foundation report that
capabilities of the Strike Force's members
capability. We
Capital City Investigations, while not questioning the value
capitated payments count as healthcare spending even
capitated rates
caps on cost-sharing requirements do not address overall health care
CAPT concludes that ensuring the involvement and
Car crashes are among the leading causes of death in the [United
CAR] will
CARA also
CARA must respectfully
CARB projects these costs as annual and ongoing, though the Appropriations Committee analysis
carburetor cleaner near a water heater
carcinogen, antifreeze (phenoxyethanol), a suspected
carcinogenic or mutagenic potential or for its potential
card or other credible document of identification. When the provider
card rooms would be forced out of business
cards to purchase certain items that fall outside that definition, as
cards would continue to be issued for the same time
cards. UDW
care access and fiscal impacts. As you know, over the counter
Care Act and taxes imposed under Proposition 30 will place a larger
care agency is badly needed and indicate that effective
care by regulating administrative and medical spending does not address the factors that drive increases in medical costs and premiums. PacifiCare
care clinics, to pull down a federal match for their
care costs are hospital and prescription drug costs, medical
care coverage without waiting for an open enrollment period
care delivery in California
care delivery system, while ensuring consistent civil liberty protections
care facilities which have the capacity to provide secure
care operators, etc., and those seeking adoption or placement of children. The right of access was subsequently further expanded to
care out-of-pocket costs cannot exceed, and that the bill ensure that
Care and Control for the City and County of Sacramento, while
care provider for care rendered to an eligible Medi-Cal beneficiary for the sole reason that a proof of eligibility label does not accompany the bill
care providers are often not paid until health plans and county CCS offices determine financial responsibility for
care providers, if this information is requested by those providers prior
care reform plans must provide affordable coverage to all with pre-existing
care services and required hospitals to provide these services at a
care work is difficult, has high injury rates, and low rates of pay
care, both in depth and in years of education and training, than a nurse
care. It is unclear if recent amendments have addressed these
care. Opponents
care." "Rather than funding retiree health benefits on a 'pay-as-you-go
care/financial decision. CHA suggests that rather than making
career and college options after graduation. For example, CTA states "We
carefully written and recently implemented through the regulatory
caregivers" the state is unfairly subjecting them to costly litigation
CARFAX seeks an amendment to allow lienholders to obtain the required vehicle history report from commercial providers like CARFAX, instead of being restricted to the NMVTIS report
Carillo as the shooter was not credible. The court also determined
International Trade Administration, accessed
of the bill
we are pleased
We urge you
we urge your
While I
With a
and the administration
and they
as well as the California Chamber of Commerce
strongly
supported by the board
The opposition
These costs include
They also
version of the bill
We fully
we respectfully
writes the following
carried by people with disabilities which limit their ability to afford the premiums required by this legislation. PAI also
carriers have recently filed a petition with the PUC
carriers' inventory data to ensure that they are not
carrying 20 fluid ounces or less to $0.05 per container, and beverage
carrying to protest what they see as unjust state firearms laws, including California's common-sense restrictions on the issuance of concealed firearms licenses
CARS also objects to the increased processing charge
CARS is pleased
carte blanche access to records" protected by law or
carve-out has created care management and administrative
CASA continues that this data is becoming increasingly important
case because it is considering changing its rules for small telephone
case is not resolved in a timely manner. Further, proponents
Case law, most recently United
case management services to wrongfully convicted persons. It may be
case management, and
case" basis. According to the opponents, the lack of guidelines or
case, why
cases at risk of dismissal
cases be an indication that healthcare services are of a high quality
cases can be evaluated by a professional who is specially trained in
cases go on trial when a urine test is used to the ambiguity of the test
Cases like these
cases now are outdated or obsolete. In addition, the proposed Governor's
cases require expedited DNA analysis. DOJ has noted that less than five
cases such treatment is appropriate
cases to be delayed, with negative implications for both injured workers and employers. Employers also
cases where probation is sentenced, empowers judges to exercise their
cases, after receiving denial letters for Medi-Cal reimbursement and provider enrollment, DHCS rescinded denials, agreeing that technological
cases, regardless of whether or not the sentence included probation. The impact of AB 1384 is significant because it equalizes the way
cases, there are local government agencies that have not complied for
cases, these treatable illnesses can result in braindamage and death
cases, which include murder and kidnapping. For example, not all rape
cases. Unfortunately, there is no way to track how the money obtained
caseworker completes certified training, but fails to designate who will
caseworker training. As CalEMA is already well versed in these issues, which have considerable overlap with human trafficking issues, AB 988
cashed and that more than three years have elapsed since the check was issued
cashed and that more than three years have passed since the check was
casual friend to meet after school for a Jamba juice and 'by the way, don't tell your mom'. We do not
catastrophic flood events
catastrophic risk program is how cautious to be. For example, many 100
categorical programs into four block grants and would
categorical programs is rolled into school district's revenue
categories based on offense. There is no need to further restrict
categories: Classroom Costs, School Site Costs, District
category of individuals (e.g., retail store owners) to
Catholic health care facilities
cause a dramatic, unnecessary expansion of time-consuming
cause program participants to violate the terms of their mortgage
cause to be used
cause, other than the person was a suspect in a completely
caused by dentists' refusal to hire full-time hygienists to
caused by receiving ballots after election day with an illegible or no
caused by some forms of compensation that could be paid
caused, or will cause, unless the auto manufacturer - in its sole, subjective discretion - has chosen to designate the recall as a "Stop
causes numerous health hazards including bone cancer, impaired
cautionary measure
cautiously before a decision is made to remove fenfluramine
cautiously imposed a ten year sunset on the exemption
Caza is an unincorporated area within the sphere of influence of the City
Caza, the largest guard-gated private community in the County. Coto de
CCBA similarly
CCC also
CCC Chancellor's Office wrote
CCC Data Mart, CSU enrollment dashboard, and the UC Data Center
CCCA strongly
CCCCO, the sponsor of SB 417
CCEEB cannot
CCEEB does not
CCHAL expresses concerns about unchecked board power that could be abused and their letter of opposition
CCIA is pleased
CCLC also
CCLHO also has expressed concern about the possibility that
CCoA urges your
CCPOA also references the potential costs of random searches
CCSA has taken an
CCT transition teams work with individuals to develop a safe transition plan that identifies the housing and community
CCUL supports the concept of providing consumers with as much information
CCWRO also
CCWRO concludes that "AB 1148 takes meaningful steps in addressing systemic barriers inflicted by our faulty child
CCY also
CDA specifically
CDAA further
CDAA is still
CDAA is strenuously
CDAA must
CDAA remains
CDAA's concerns appear accurate. While clearly well-intentioned, it
CDCR determines an inmate may be an SVP, the CDRC director refers the person to DSH for evaluation. A hearing is held to determine whether
CDCR determines an inmate may be an SVP, the director refers the person
CDCR if their 'price' is lower than CALPIA. This is dangerous public
CDCR may require additional
CDCR, eliminating the mandate that CDCR purchase from CALPIA, thereby
CDCR, which has no official position, has cited several definitional and process issues, including those referenced below
CDE also
CDE indicates there is insufficient data on individual provider rates to determine a cost estimate, but
CDE, 2018-19 school year
CDE, Physical Fitness Testing Research Files (Jan
CDF Firefighters: Public Interest Groups
CDFA also
CDFA collaborates with and provides
CDI strenuously
CDI strongly
CDI to align California statutes with the PLMA
CDI to conform various aspects of Medigap policies
CDI, sponsor with Equality California
CDSA also urges recognition of the high cost of care in institutional
CDSS further
CEA members do not
CEA policyholder surcharges
CEC also
CEC notes it did not receive any positions for the underlying Program and the work
CEC's and DFG's permitting processes while still protecting sensitive
CEC's involvement in this issue
cellular phone use should not be increased until existing law is
censor is neither based upon any facts nor statistical data. Nor has
Census Bureau, almost 20,000 Indigenous language speakers from Latin America reside in the United
census records were used during World War II to round up
Center for Race, Poverty, and the Environment, along with a group of other environmental organizations
center is closed, these costs will continue, no matter how
center-based child care and family day care providers. Concerns
centers (AMCs) at the Davis, Los Angeles, Irvine, San Diego, and the San Francisco campuses, which provide health care services to this
centers and cellular towers (blackhaul). Our cable networks also support
centers follow accepted protocols restricting incentives and strictly
centers on availability and proximity to legal services and family
centers to develop additional ICD/DD-CNs statewide
centers will be worked out prior to the renewal of the DDS home and community based services waiver in late 2011
centers without fully outlining the role of child welfare agencies and the local courts in ensuring the smooth transition of children from one
Central Delta Valley Water Agency, which
Central Valley Community for Streets Alive rural community bicycle and walkability audits
centralized water treatment and need regulatory flexibility to ensure
CERT Members including
certain age or grade, only to later become outdated when immunization
certain biotechnology companies
certain chemicals in their possession will be used for the illegal manufacture of controlled substances
certain convictions from volunteering will disparately impact low-income
certain dollar value because it says these contracts
certain members of the insurance community who
Certain privacy advocates
Certain Sonoma County landowners
certain standards for underwriting, including clear and unambiguous
Certain state agencies, in particular certain state
certain tobacco cessation drugs
certain underserved areas. As an example, they
certainly welcome to contribute to all discussions relating to the implementation of realignment. However, CSSA is unalterably opposed to
certificate of mailing, postage prepaid, addressed to the owner or reputed
certificated administrative and supervisory
certificated employees
certificated employees, including administrators and supervisors, be evaluated every two years based on
certification action
certification application for a vehicle, engine, or equipment family
certification for massage therapists to practice statewide. If a person
certification, it makes little sense to move up the SOS's
certifications, can be met
certify a labor organization as the exclusive bargaining representative
certify the training as acceptable. Currently, the California Emergency
certify the training. This issue was recognized in the Final Report of the California Alliance to Combat Trafficking and Slavery Task Force in
CFC also
CFPB has made clear that
CFT is proud
CFT respectfully
CGS reports the new staff will consist of two engineering geologists
CHA and its more than 400 member hospitals and health systems respectfully ask for your
CHA appreciates this opportunity
CHA concludes that while hospitals and health systems
CHA expresses overall opposition to OHCA's current actions and
CHA is concerned about the challenges with reporting the health outcomes related AHRQ indicators. Hospitals can generate information on whom they serve
CHA must continue
CHA notes
CHA remains strongly
Chair and Vice Chair are currently elected members who represent all stakeholders in their community...as
Chair and Vice-Chair are currently elected members who represent all the stakeholders in their community who could be impacted by actions of this body as
challenged or invalidated since it was enacted, thus setting the stage
challenges faced in reaching this goal are not due to a lack of consultation. Counties are already deeply involved in cooperation and consultation with one another
challenges in financing adequate facilities to meet the demands of students and their parents. Enhancing the ability of charter schools to secure
challenges over many decades, with a definition of blight that is so
challenges that still need to be addressed, particularly with the local component
challenges to the welfare of our communities
challenging the belief that policing, surveillance, imprisonment, and similar forms of control make our
challenging the order has led a crime-free life for at least three years
challenging thing to do even for a licensed medical professional
Chamber coalition also
Chamber firmly
chamber load indicator that makes it clear whether the weapon
chamber of commerce and other groups. Supporters
championship show held in Long Beach in 2006 drew 28,000 visitors from
chance the individual will not re-offended and may receive services in
Chancellor's Office may use up to 10 percent of the funds
chancellors is an inappropriate limitation of the governor's
chances for academic success. Support for the bill also
change charitable giving. It is unclear what this impact will be, but
change from current law may result in claims of additional costs
change in process so far in advance of the next bond act
change the budget picture, but it would harm UC's ability to attract and retain highly skilled leadership to run this organization
change to existing law
Change.org petition signed by over 350 individuals
changed circumstance" warranting an increase in the custodial parent's
changed, the bill creates uncertainty for LWIA boards in their planning
changed. It
changes in the eyewitness identification process
changes need to be made next year. ACLHIC says the if the sunset is not
changes to a contract with only 48 hours' notice, it also levels the playing field and provides fair and reasonable notice to licensed agents
changes to their charge structure, resulting in a major swing in their CCR, which is based on data provided by OSHPD. The OSHPD report is not up-to
changing circumstances, and that the admissions criteria
changing rules for small telephone companies in a separate proceeding
changing the Constitution... The Electoral College reflects each state's
Changing the venue from the courts to an administrative hearing will still result in legal expenses to the state and would likely require the hiring of staff
Chapter (NASW), Proposition 63 of 2004 established the Commission for the purposes of overseeing the implementation of the MHSA. The NASW states in
chaptering out problem if both bills were signed into
chaptering out problem should both bills pass and be
Chapters of American Fire Sprinkler Association - Oppose(Object to not having explicit authorization for advisory committee membership)
characterization and remediation process. Boeing
characterized the creation of these affiliates as taking
charge description master be made available to the public upon
charge or security deposit. These protections only apply during declared
charged additional fees by lodging establishments because of the presence
charged by a city or county for an applicant to install a solar energy
charged nature
charged to park owners provides inspection and enforcement by the Housing and Community Development
charged to private SNFs, coming on top of the quality
charged under Penal Code 152.3 in California, as many courts and juries
charged with retaining the underlying investigative reports for at least
charged with specific controlled substance offenses if they meet specific
charges on eligible renewable customer-generators. SDG&E
charges, including adding new services, lowering charges on items, or
charging fees to cash their paychecks. Senator Florez
charitable bingo revenues in jeopardy
charitable contribution on their federal tax return. Again, assuming
charitable donations that are itemized, an increase of 4% as Californians
charitable giving and those charities would be significantly impacted
charities with the highest percentage return for bingo in the nation
charity care policy and to provide that policy to patients and would have required OSHPD to develop a uniform charity care
Charles H. Bell, Jr., Co-Chair, FPPC Task Force on Reform of the Political
Charles R, Marmar, MD, Director, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder
Charter cities do not have to comply with many of the state's general
charter high school rate that it would otherwise receive. A charter
charter schools follow specific complaint, hearing and audit procedures, even where there have been no complaints, let alone evidence of any
charter schools the ability to provide their employees with retirement
charter schools, including
chartered organization's tax exemption. As many chartered
CHBRP also
CHBRP analysis
CHC also
CHCs rely on IMGs to close the gaps in primary care and
CHEAC concludes that local health departments
check-off contributions
check-off is a vital and, oftentimes, sole source of funding for their
checked, cleared of ammunition, and secured so they cannot operate
checks, wants the option to use private vendors in lieu of DOJ. The IHRSA
checks. He is planning on introducing companion
Chemical manufacturers and compound users are
chemicals to RV park septic systems
Chemistry Council, American Electronics
Chemistry Council, Consumer Specialty Products
Chevron dealer in San Mateo County
CHHSA also
Chicago further ruled that
Chief of the Juvenile Division of the San Diego District
Chief Probation Officers of California: Although AB 1321 sets forth requirements for a study
Chiefs of Police for the Cities of Berkeley
Chiefs of Police for the Cities of Chico
Chiefs of Police of the following cities: Anaheim
child abuse and neglect they observe in the course of their professional
Child Abuse California, 30 individuals
child being enrolled in HFP. SB 92 applies the existing rule to providers who cannot now take
child car seats need to be replaced after an accident, whether
Child care advocates point to the expanding need for
Child care portion only
child in a vehicle with the intent to kill their child, may not
child molester for life without the possibility of parole will not create
Child sexual abuse is a significant problem in every community
child victims and their families, as well as the loss of federal funds if California violates federal confidentiality
child who turns out not to be eligible for Medi-Cal
child's future health
child's parent or guardian takes the child away in a vehicle with the intent to cause serious bodily injury or death to the child
Childcare programs must be culturally and linguistically responsive and integrate
childhood vaccine
Childhood, Adoption, and Dependent Care. Pediatrics 2002
children and is often asymptomatic in children, providing
children and youth with vision problems and facilitate
children are acquainted with the child, and half of those persons are
children in foster care
children who may witness terrible violence, but who are unrelated to the victim or who witness a lethal incident from across the street. I
Children who witness and/or are bereaved by family violence and other violent acts should receive referrals
children will have access to the Medi-Cal or Healthy Families Program
children's activities under the supervision of other adults
children's education. Such an erosion of civil rights should not occur
Children's health advocacy groups
children's health groups and health care providers who
children's rights groups
children's services to counties under less regulation than otherwise
children, end up homeless due to foreclosure evictions. The Attorney
children. MRMIB also indicated that the federal
children. SB 92 does not need this language because it
chilling effect on the ability to produce certain creative
chilling effect on the free exchange of information and ideas on our state's campuses
Chime agrees that predatory tipping models hurt consumers, but Chime also
China, Australia and Chile have long been the dominant global players, and policy should promote [United
choice for President. Anything that threatens the Electoral College
choices, such as abortion and contraceptive use. The group
choose to provide bundled cost information for an episode of care, as
choose which physician they want to treat them. UAPD states
chooses not to get statewide certification through the CAMTC, that person
Chumash strongly
church or religious denomination who depend upon
churches refuse to ordain female priests and pastors, while still
CIO (letter received on previous version of bill)
CIO (previous version)
CIO: Numerous individuals
circle: Green Chemistry identifies chemicals of concern
circumstance subjecting a person to a 25-to-life is a dual use
circumstance subjecting a person to a 25-to-life, is a dual
circumstances apply
circumstances have resulted from the youth's behavior
circumstances or social condition, are in need thereof and may benefit thereby." (Welfare and Institutions Code Section 10051.)
circumstances where a live officer would forego enforcement of this
circumstances, the subcontractor files a claim and ultimately the lien is recorded against the innocent
circumvent state law that requires cities to seek the approval of their voters prior to selling a public
circumvents that established statutory reimbursement process
circumvents the ongoing multi-stakeholder CDFA process already
CIRM's intellectual property policy should be given a chance
citations issued for regulation violations. The licensee has
cite the belief NDs are inadequately prepared to prescribe drugs without supervision
cite the environmental and air quality benefits of a cleaner transportation system and the necessity for California to continue to lead on environmental goals by using its purchasing power
cite the POST study rationale
cites a lack of funds by smaller cities, although it is unclear why the increased revenues from joining the data sharing program would not
cites budget cuts that have severely impacted the state's outreach effort in recent years as one of its
cites small funeral or burial contracts as examples, and suggest a dollar limit of $25,000, or lower. It
cities and counties from the Lithium Valley area
cities and counties will not be able to keep up and
cities can use. The League notes there are several issues remaining in
cities in California currently participate in the sharing program. FTB
cities in the manner specified under SB 859 for the City of Lynwood could establish a conflict of interest since TCA is also required to evaluate plans
cities of Ventura County to make VCTC membership more representative of the needs of the county's cities
Cities of: Azusa
Cities of: Corona
Cities of: Downey
Cities of: Duarte
cities uniform accounting and reporting procedures conforming to
cities, counties and other public employers
cities, counties and special districts by a two-thirds vote, this section
cities, many of which are still suffering from high rates of unemployment and deep revenue losses, have done nothing to warrant such an aggressive and punitive action
Cities, the California State Association of Counties, and the City of Los Angeles are
Citing a recent Los Angeles Times story that describes how affordable housing can cost over $1 million per unit to build, the Western Electrical Contractors Association
citing concerns about workability
citizen insured may already have, as a way of protecting
citizens and legal residents to have health insurance by January 1, 2014
citizens and sell them
citizens for the illegal or irresponsible acts of others
City agreed
City and county governments already can mandate programs of this type- and some have
City and County of San Francisco and permits the county to suspend certain state laws regarding subsidized child care eligibility and fees
City and County of San Francisco, Department on the Status of Women (The Senate Judiciary Committee listed the following supporters: ACLU of California
City Clerks Association of California are concerned about
City Council, letters from private individuals
City is invested in fully funding oil abandonment costs that
City of "Adjusters Almanac" Bullseye Publishing
City of AB 106 (Scott) Oakland
City of AB 1546 (SIMITIAN) Daly City
City of AB 178 (Koretz) Los Angeles
City of AB 618 (Cogdill) Marina Department of Public Safety
City of Chino and supported by other neighboring local governments and community partners
City of Chino strongly
City of County of Placer
City of Cypress, California State
City of Diamond Bar, and many, many residents of Walnut and Diamond Bar
City of Diamond Bay Mayor Andrew Chou
City of Glendale explains its
City of Inglewood | |Supervisors
City of Irvine | |Board of
City of Irvine | |Sac. Metropolitan
City of Irwindale | | Supervisors
City of Jurupa Valley strongly
City of La Canada | |Cable Television
City of Laguna Niguel is pleased to offer this letter
City of Long Beach to address childhood obesity
City of Los Angeles strongly
City of Mayor Abbe Land
City of Monterey and numerous industry
City of Norwalk has an
City of Ontario and supported by public safety agencies
City of Richmond and several organizations that advocate for the environment and public Health
City of San AB 289 (Cannella) Page b Diego
City of Santa SB 546 (Johannessen) Page b Barbara
City of Simi Valley (letter sent regarding bill as of Santa Ana (as introduced)
City of thirty-three individuals
City of three individuals
City of U.S. Marine Corps
City of West Covina writes
City's Everyone Home Task Force identified priority recommendations to provide a comprehensive housing and
city, county, or city and county to prepare an economic impact report
civil commitment as an SVP is likely to engage in sexually violent
civil infraction process in San Francisco and Los Angeles counties
civil representation for California's poor
CIWMB to address what is perceived as an artificial and unnecessary barrier to cleaning up abandoned and illegal disposal sites
claim as a reason to non-renew, assuming the claim was within the last three years (AB 1049)
claim for travel expenses that were not processed properly due to lost
claim impasse undermines good faith collaboration and consultation
claim payment funds are used to rebuild, replace or
claim the California State Budget insufficiently
claimant's attorney's fees. We think this gives the mechanics' lien claimant an unfair advantage over the homeowner and places too much of a burden on the homeowner
claimants understand the difference between the estimate of the cost of repairs prepared by an insurer as compared to the estimate prepared by
claiming methodology, although it has not been able to adopt new
claims about $20 billion in deductions for charitable donations
claims average $942. The six claims are
claims for improper coding
claims rather than increased administrative costs
claims, $121,833 to the Office of Emergency Services for a gang
claims-paying capacity (reinsurance and other financial devices) at the expense of long-term capital accumulation
claims. Opponents also question the prudence of diverting resources away
claims. Payments are treated in a pay as you go manner. Therefore, any
Clarification of coverage and payment issues that
Clarification of the use of professional judgment by providers
clarified so that motorists, as well as law enforcement, know exactly
clarified the Gun Free School Zone Act (Act) to forbid the bringing or possession of any firearm on the grounds of
clarifies the statute to reflect legislative intent so successor agencies
clarifies veterans' eligibility
clarify that domestic partners registered in other states are
clarifying change to existing law that, if left unchanged, could
class, they do not produce Full-Time Equivalent Students, a calculation
class. There are already strong fiscal incentives to
classification of faculty member
classification to employees who are not actually providing any care to a
classifying positions and compensating employees
Classroom Costs totaled $2,959,000 (65.9 percent). Almost
classroom instruction to obtain their high school diplomas or equivalent and are offered training in building trades, counseling and mentoring
classroom model is not feasible. However, too often this approach is
classroom segment of the TVS industry
classrooms. Following receipt of these funds, the district would be required to implement full-day CSR
classrooms. The 1999-2000 costs of K-12 education, expressed on a per-school basis, were $4.5 million. Of this
clause exemption is included in the measure, Catholic
clause for providers that also ensures that patients
clauses that allow carriers to make substantial changes to the agreement
clauses to prevent regulatory agencies from investigating
clean energy industry groups and associations and the Natural Resources Defense Council
Clean Power Campaign writes
clean up contaminated properties (brownfields), fund public
cleaners and crop protection chemicals. They are concerned
cleaning operations, with certain exceptions. In 2000, the ARB adopted a rule to phase-out the use of methylene chloride, perchloroethylene and trichloroethylene in automotive consumer
cleanup necessary to get the railroad operational again
cleanups and to the affected water service ratepayers
clear credential. According to the Commission on Teacher Credentialing, 1,472 preliminary and clear school nurse credentials were issued 2005 and 2010
clear in that all voting systems, and the components thereof, must be approved by the Secretary of State prior to their use
clear whether the bill is still opposed. Many of the opposition letters express an understanding that the bill would exempt all home-based writers from business
clearly
clearly benefit from the performance based budgeting approach outlined
clearly not ready to have a parole date established. "This
clearly written with the goal of curtailing the voice of employers and their participation in the election process...Stifling any voice in an
Clearly, dealers and buyers have found a blatant way to circumvent
clemency cases illustrate the need for more standardized
Clerk of the Assembly or the Secretary of the Senate, it isn't clear that
CLF also
client confidentiality and employer-related liability from
clients, and promote an ordered society and the peaceful resolution of disputes
climate, and would result in significant loss of badly needed
clinic's license application to a halt. PPAC notes they
clinical criteria for optometrists participating in health
clinical laboratory scientists
clinical practice guidelines. CAHMO
clinical training necessary to engage in the sophisticated
clinician who initially assessed and treated the person. In any
clinics and health centers currently provide primary care services at no
clinics, etc
Clorox feels that DPR adequately considers all available data
close an agency even if it may be the center of increased
close it down as uneconomical. Still, local leaders insisted that the project could work
closely resembles environments normally associated with
closely with applicants to obtain the information necessary to make an
closure of the DCs for specific reasons
cloud the property's title
CLTA summarized its opposition in the following statement
Club California and others
club should they decide to do so. CalWORKs recipients can withdraw their
Clubs and other automobile enthusiast organizations and individuals
clubs. The EBT data distributed by the Department of Social Services (DSS) at the time shows that less than 1/10 of 1% of EBT cash redemptions
CMA requests amendments that delete the term "diagnosis" and, instead substitute "provide a therapeutic assessment
CMD indicates it has no discretionary funds to continue its
CMHDA and CSAC are concerned about adding a new provision that dictates
CMHDA supports more involvement by family members in the certification process and
CNOA continues that a number of
CNPA opposed the original legislation as a violation of the First
Co-sponsor County of Santa Clara writes the following
COA looks forward to continued collaboration with the Committee and stands ready
Coachella Valley Water District to permit the treating of the waste products resulting from meeting the clean drinking water standards in areas affected by concentrations of Arsenic
Coalition and the Civil Justice Association of California, which
Coalition for Clean Air who writes that it brings "greater certainty by making clear that any hydrogen used and produced in this state must be green by the same deadline
Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights justify their
coalition formed must adamantly
coalition further
coalition of business groups that are
Coalition of California, 1 individual: SB 1305 Legislative Findings The Legislature finds and declares the following: (a) The development of a safe, convenient, and cost-effective
Coalition of interested groups, including the California
coalition of labor sponsors
Coalition organizations specifically
coalition requests an amendment regarding the nature of the
coalition states they will
Coalition, which
Coalition, who
coalitions also
coalitions of bail agents
Coalitions of local governments
coastal resources
cocaine and heroin. And while we
cocaine, not decreasing penalties for cocaine base
code defines an "excessive amount" of administrative
code for most of the third-party software incorporated into
Code section 1203.4a, which applies to misdemeanor and infraction cases
Code Section 3304(d) was satisfied by notification to the subject
code section to 758.8
Code, while not precluding additional elements to be
coders, but it does not provide the type of information a
codification of CDCR's Operation Disconnect
coffee shops, restaurants, and public parks. Open carry advocates seek to
cognizant that we live in difficult times and county senior services are
collaboration between counties and cities will best serve Californians and not only allow counties appropriate control over their own general
collaboration efforts
Collaborative can go to regional entities and
collapse of Skid Row Housing Trust (SRHT)
collapsing prior to closing. It should be noted that the bill does not
collect and deliver providers' personal information to provider
collect, prepare, label, and store blood in accordance with Standards for
collected and deposited by the county auditor-controller into the Redevelopment Property Tax Trust Fund. Included in the list of enforceable obligations are legally enforceable payments required in
collected is likely to be misrepresented because it will be
collected through the CURES program
collected, and there would be a cost savings to the county because the cost of collection, apprehension, and incarceration will be reduced
Collecting signatures is a common sense and democratic way to demonstrate community
collection agency and a Medi-Cal provider or billing service that works on
collection agency debt collector are halted and notify the patient accordingly. (e) Commencing July 1, 2010, all contracts between a third-party
collection agency debt collector, the Medi-Cal provider shall promptly
collection and distribution program
collection cases, and therefore should apply to all judicial proceedings
collective bargaining. Additionally, these representatives
collectively bargain by clarifying procedures and rights during several
collector provides the provider with proof of the patient's Medi-Cal eligibility. (g) (f) If a A Medi-Cal provider or third-party collection agency debt
collector shall be deemed to be in violation of subdivision (a) of Section
Collectors are targeting wrong debtors, they are collecting on incorrect amounts, and the consumer has no way to determine the truth of their
college student hanging out in front of a liquor store be
colleges and universities should employ sufficient learning
Colleges are currently impacted and the system should
colleges as eligible entities to receive loans would
colleges that will compete with their ability to provide
colleges. Current law provides that funds remaining
collision. Drivers that do not respect these basic duties do not deserve
combat this deficit, the Department of Conservation has had to implement
combating hunger in our communities
combination of technologically feasible and cost-effective measures. It
combined populations of over 5 million residents, by making them
come into communities with promises of economic benefit only to have the opposite effect. In fact, they state, studies indicate that superstores
come into play after the damage is done to investors and shareholders. Supporters also
come under a 15% administrative cap would reduce the availability of low-cost insurance options to
come with registration papers. Because working police dogs spent their
commenced operation very recently. A change of this
commented on a prior version of the bill that "California's Early Learning and Care Master Plan has set a goal to strengthen programs and services
COMMENTS The DTSC
commercial computer technicians. AB 1817 is pending in Assembly
commercial dog breeders
commercial insurance providers and Medi-Cal managed care plans to help inform the development of a second notification about their eligibility for behavioral health treatment and services
commercial properties will add to the costs of production and affect
commercialized in any case. Proponents also
commission is proud
commission launched the program in 1998
commission member in a manner satisfactory to the appointing authority
commission to operate with private funding, including potential funding
commission will have too narrow of a focus-testing and certification of spoken language reporters-that appears to
Commission with experience with supportive housing services ensures that
Commission, San Gabriel Valley Economic
commission, which would include investigating the failure of companies to
Commissioner (in concept) (current version of the bill)
Commissioner General, Special Envoy & Personal
Commissioner General, Special Envoy and Personal
commissioner to collect attorney fees in addition to treble
Commissioner to regulate the industry. MICA also
Commissioner, that is charged with interpreting and enforcing
commissions, purses, breeder's awards, and state license fees
commit the crimes with which he was charged
commitment as a SVP is likely to engage in sexually violent
commitment from the author's office that there must be
commitment order, without deduction of credits
commitment to enhance the protection of the grasslands ecological area and to prohibit the construction of a station in the Los Banos area. AB 3034
commitment to provide free care and payment assistance to a
commitments expire, personal circumstances change and lost
committed one of the above offenses
committed to the program
Committee Act, which requires a diversity of views to
committee amendments
Committee Amendments
committee analysis
Committee analysis, in general, California law prohibits wiretapping. (Penal Code Section 631.) However, a judge may grant a wiretap if, after
Committee as a result of opposition to the underlying
Committee at the Vocal Group Hall of Fame
Committee goes on to note the CEC receives roughly $6 million in ongoing funding
Committee has been instrumental in elevating the awareness of quality-of
Committee has issued commemorative stamps honoring other minority
Committee is unaware if these organizations and individuals continue
committee is unaware of the disposition of past
committee last year on 6/16/99 to Senate Appropriations where it
Committee many wish to delete the requirement for the triennial "standard of excellence" list and instead require DWR's report summarizing UWMPs to prominently
Committee process offers the best opportunity to consider a
committee provisions requiring DHS to identity the statute, regulation or rule being violated when issuing a warning of improper billing. In addition, there are several provisions
Committee staff has been advised that there are no objections by employers
Committee staff has been unable to determine who would be
Committee staff note due to recent amendments, previous opposition has been removed
Committee staff note the support listed below were based on previous iteration of the bill
Committee staff that it agrees that an easement holder should not be
Committee staff understands it is the author's intent to work with the Western States Petroleum Association to address their concerns regarding the need to balance transparency and security
Committee that adds, "related to combat," after "PTSD," is problematic, since veterans are not the only members of the target population counties
committee to limit the application of the bill's signage
committee will help honor the sacrifices of our disabled veterans by ensuring their families can access the comprehensive educational
Committee, at which time the author agreed to adopt certain
Committee, Health Net expressed opposition because it felt a
Committee, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG), District IX opposed absent amendments to
Committee, the authors of SB 92 and SB 112 were asked
Committee, the do pass motion should include the action to
Committees on Public Safety Regarding the California Department of the Youth Authority, (May 16, 2000.) (http://spsf.senate.ca.gov/jointinformationalhearingon thecaliforniayouthauthoritymay162000.)
committees, the California Psychological Association (CPA) was
committing similar crimes with similar backgrounds
common in local assessment ballot elections and extends them in statute
common interest development from foreclosure due to disputed assessment and associated charges amounting to less than $1,800. In an effort to remove
commonly pay employees at the minimum wage rate
commonly performed in community hospitals. Although UC contracts do not
commonplace. These crimes have a corrosive effect on public safety and quality of life of the surrounding neighborhoods in which the medical
communicate with other inmates throughout the state and have been used in
communicated formally and informally with
communication from other two IOUs-Pacific Gas and Electric Company and Sempra Energy-though both opposed the bill in policy committee, presumably for similar reasons
communication would continue to be subject to a search warrant and would
communication, and is contrary to the (internal affairs)
communications and permitted wiretapping only during the investigation of specified offenses involving controlled substances. The Legislature
Communications Committee at Saint Frances Cabrini School in San Cabrini School in San Jose
communications to make a comparison
communications. The law already provides for this privilege when a
communities and communities of color because of the racial disparities in
communities, and preserve the right to future water development as
communities: Front-line officers literally have the authority to deprive
Community Alliance with Family Farmers] [a]re
community based organizations to conduct innovative reentry programs that
community case management services and the assessment of individual
community center prior to being notified by the
community clients with complex needs, let alone the current DC residents
community clinics which have had a similar provision in place for
community college students struggle with how to navigate the higher education system and access
community college system vs. students who lack the necessary language, computer, and mathematical skills necessary for college success
community colleges consistent with declining enrollment
Community Economic Resilience Fund Program provides financial
Community Energy resource
community expertise in oversight
community investing policy that is well within
community living arrangement. Given the positive
community living arrangements, the self-determination pilot
community most impacted by homelessness. It has been proven
community of both Labor organizations and employer associations who have
community organizations are successfully deploying trained peer
community resource programs
community treatment program for women sentenced to state prison who have
community until well into his or her medical career
Community Water Center and a number of environmental and environmental justice organizations
community-based non-profit corporations designated by the Department of Rehabilitation to assist people with
community-based outreach
community. Any proposed legislative solution must outline the roles and responsibilities of each involved agency. According to ARCA, AB 1089
community. The American Motorcyclist Association
commute benefits
compact also
Compact′s preamble
companies already employ only California-licensed physicians, and
Companies deciding where to site their operations are looking first at those
companies doing business in California to register with the Office of Real Estate Appraisers and enacted a set of allowable and prohibited
Companies Edward and Peggy Kasaba
companies in a separate proceeding. If such a rationale were legitimate, the PUC could suspend its work every time a legislator introduced
companies states it does not
companies still enjoy a market share exceeding 90 percent, and that in such an environment, "regulation remain essential to
companies that incur huge losses during a recession would be
companies to individually propose additional optional rating
companies to remove all nexus with California in order to
companies who have a responsibility to their shareholders, taking the focus away from students. CTA
companies with little or no capital investments
companies, social workers, and the Western Center on Law and Poverty
companies. Opponents further
companies. Supporters also
companions of single parents. The bill creates a legal
company could not screen applicants before hiring them to work at a
company employees & private citizens (27 letters)
company that publishes textbooks or other course materials.specifically
company was involved in the deportation but doesn't want to acknowledge it
company's affairs thoroughly, evaluate the company's
Company, et al., vs. Roxannie Gillespie, found mortgage
comparatively small, the cumulative effects of mandates will
compared to community/home long term care services, and it is possible that
comparing that progress to standards. I am normally a
compartment of the vehicle
compelled takedown orders risk becoming impermissible prior restraints. They cite Balboa Island Village Inn
compelled to plea bargain and admit a lesser offense - even if he had
compensated at market rate for legal work undertaken on behalf
compensation and reimbursement of lost wages while avoiding
compensation case is being delayed for investigation or pending
compensation costs. In most cases, they
compensation costs. They further
compensation decisions are best made by the trustees and that recent
compensation in 728 audited cases in 1995, and $473,961 in
compensation to donors of reproductive health tissues
compensation to provide these services is adequate to assure
compensation, among other budget reduction measures. Both segments have
compensation, in addition to reimbursement of expenses, to donors of sperm and ooctyes (human egg) for fertility treatment, conflict with AATBs
compensation, proving by a preponderance of the evidence that he did not
compensation, the current procedures make it difficult for wrongfully
compete for federal funds under the 2008 Farm Bill. Finally, the sponsors
competencies, reviewing applications for licensure, and issuing licenses
competency, narrowing the types of documents subject to
competent to evaluate the specific clinical issues involved in the case
competent to evaluate the specific clinical issues involved in the case is
competing programs
competition among health plans and insurers
competition and possibly higher prices
competition laws, and unfairly exposes companies to frivolous
competition, also impact the quality and accessibility of health care for the entire community. CNA
competitive advantage by improving the business environment with an
competitive disadvantage and potentially violates employers
competitive edge can refuse to sign a transfer agreement and bring a
competitive grant program that provides funding to
competitive market for new generation capacity
competitor in the long-term care market. Further benefit
competitors, especially small and new companies whom CALTEL
competitors." Blue Cross suggests two amendments on this
Compiled 02/25/99 by the California Professional
complain the bill unfairly invalidates contacts that were entered into
complaint form would make complaint resolution more difficult
complaints from consumers based on the complaints received when the last
complaints from neighbors
complement each other by dealing with slightly different
complete a course in escrow management conducted by DOC within 12 months
complete financial and performance audits of the Board, as specified. That
complete information after the 30 or 45 day period
complete its review absent legislative direction. Opponents also may
complete its task, and the City Council can make informed decisions about
complete list of support
complete their request online without the need to send a separate
completed his or her sentence in state prison
completed LAO report, should be provided before the Senate
completed the investigation and seeks to impose some form of disciplinary
completely denying any
completely unfettered by rules such as those that govern the exercise of judicial discretion
completely unrelated to its purpose." COMD further writes "the federal
completes its investigation and notifies the public safety officer of its proposed disciplinary action" within one year of discovering the alleged misconduct
completes its research and until the Legislature is able to
completing project design
completion of a drug program, the arrest will be deemed to never have occurred
complex assessment of psychiatric and psychological factors
complex task. CMA
complexity of California water law and the conflicts embodied within that set of statutes and cases
complexity of the information technology contracts makes it
compliance are modest and worth the added protection to property and people. The California State Firefighters' Association and other labor
compliance are modest and worth the added protection to property and people. The California State Firefighters' Association, the California
compliance guidance
compliance with additional requirements as the department deems appropriate
compliance with all other terms and conditions of their sentence and probation, they will be unable to obtain a driver's license if they
compliance with applicable laws. This means that a third party entity, who is not the employee's actual employer, will have an obligation to
compliance with federal statute, it strenuously objects to the reversal of the criminal record exemption opt-out policy. CWDA
compliance with HIPAA, and other coding systems required, without regulatory action. Additionally, providers seek
compliance with the RPS requirements more costly and more difficult. In
complicate the reporting of occupational injury information to
complicated and bureaucratic to suppliers
complications due to a lack of medical training and knowledge
complications that may arise. In essence, opponents
complied with all federal and state requirements during a 15-year site
comply with federal requirements under HIPAA regarding the privacy of health information. They
comply with the California Constitution. CTA also notes the attempt by
comply with the law
comply with the Public Records Act
comply with the results of a referendum could constrain the ability of boards to effectively plan for a transition, potentially jeopardizing county health care delivery systems
components of a future peace officer educational and mentoring grant program
components of litigation will end up back before the judge, requiring increased attention that could have been used to
composed of
composition/information on ingredients
Composting of routine livestock mortalities is currently allowed in 42 other
compounded medications that is problematic and essentially undervalues
comprehensive approach to the goals of SB 600
comprehensive care to Medi-Cal members across the state
comprehensive evaluation of the existing program
comprehensive health care reform and provide necessary funding to better
comprehensive health care reform. Under my reform proposal, all low-income
comprehensive list of registerable offenses in the nation, need not expand its reach and has failed to sufficiently
comprehensive overhaul of the mental health system, as well as
comprehensive repro & sexual health education
comprehensively examine all insurers at least once every
comprised of the following: Military
compromise safety
compromise the health and safety of youth and staff alike in juvenile facilities
compromise the programming of the general ward population
compromising the ability of the system to work efficiently and effectively in resolving cases in a timely manner. Finally
compromising the quality of the care. We
compulsory blood alcohol test is a search. [ Schmerber v
concealed firearms on college and university campuses. California is not
concealed gun, and committing a misdemeanor for the benefit of a street
concede the inequity in sentencing but recommend increasing
concentrate on the goal of improving student achievement
concept of our three-tiered system, namely that the upper-term is
conceptually opposed to the regulation of bounty hunters, the might be better placed in a
concern about the accuracy of the data, arguing that the data
concern about the appropriateness of a public agency sharing the contact
concern that increasing the cost of health coverage by
concern that such an amendment would generate additional
concern that the cap allow sufficient time for the DOJ to
concern the bill would permit religious organizations to
concern, by adding the knowledge qualification to some, but not all, of the required pieces of information. CCUL has expressed to the Committee that it
Concern:Santa Clara County, unless amended
concerned AB 2137 inappropriately by-passes the local review process
concerned about local residents. The author may wish to exempt the state from this authorization, which would be costly and redundant
concerned about the Advance Health Care Directive provisions, arguing
concerned about the bill's potential impact on small operators and the issue presented by prohibiting limousine drivers from disabling interior
concerned about the loss of local control from cities and counties
concerned about this provision and about deregulation in general
concerned that "such a mandate in regard to the Medi-Cal
concerned that a prospective buyer may be
concerned that allowing the IC to post unusual and innovative investments on their website as a way to
concerned that regulators might require plans to conduct a time consuming
concerned that requiring a report to both entities will lead to over
concerned that the bill is premature and may lead to the banning of substances prior to conclusive scientific evidence
concerned that the bill treats smaller utilities like the City
concerned that the bill will have the effect of delaying
concerned that the continuation of medical marijuana research
concerned that the unlimited use of lasers would harm
concerned that their classic vehicles (1975 model year and older) that
concerned that this particular provision is too
concerned that this will prevent the use of new innovations
concerned the impact of a state-issued certificate for stillbirth and suggests that an unofficial certificate provided by hospitals would be a solution
concerned with the implementation cost and potential for fraud associated
concerned with the potentially costly new responsibilities on local
concerned with the technical issue of whether a skimmer equalizer line
concerned")
concerned, in part, that the bill would benefit large, non-California based producers at the expense of small
concerning discovery and language relative to plans
concerning financial information, arguing that repeal will
concerning the present version
concerning the relations of the State Bar with the public
Concerns (to prior version only)
Concerns (with bill in print)
concerns about AB 71
concerns about data security as reasons they
concerns about the requirement that copies of the hospital's
concerns and will have a series of amendments to offer at the hearing, including deleting the penalty increases
concerns as follows
concerns by limiting the bill's provisions to conservation easements held
concerns can easily access the Megan's Law website and obtain the information available about 290 registrants. As is, there have been
concerns expressed by providers or health plans
Concerns have been raised relative to the "pre-apprenticeship" provisions in the bill
concerns of whether this particular privacy infringement would be
concerns regarding potential fraud-from mailing absentee
concerns regarding vital statistics and a woman's right to choose. PPAC
concerns regarding vital statistics and a women's right to choose. PPAC
concerns regarding whether the amnesty program should provide
concerns related to the stocking, restocking and disposal of epinephrine
concerns that the language "loitering for the purpose of prostitution" is vague. For example, could a scantily dressed
concerns with reliability with current labeling program provisions
concerns with what they acknowledge is a well-intentioned bill, primarily
concerns, a sunset was previously added to the bill
concerns, or suggestions for amendments, without stating a
concerns, such as insertion of "intermittent services," which
Concerns, the Traditional Values Coalition, the Campaign for
concerns. However, AIA remains opposed, because the definition of community development investments is so
concerns. These laws fail to give notice to the reasonable person
concluded that DOI was not meeting its legal obligation to
concludes that counties are already concerned the revenue for realignment
conclusive evidence confirming the need to dramatically change the PEL
concurrence on the Assembly Floor, and AB 2300 failed passage
Concurrent budget review
concurring opinion by Justice Brett Kavanaugh gave clear direction for the 6
condemned inmates
condemns violence or any act intended to incite violence
condition and ability to fulfill its obligations, and determine whether the company has complied with all laws
condition limitations or other exclusions
condition of the state's fish stocks and the consequent regulatory
condition of their employment
condition, age or gender. Business groups
condition, disease or syndrome
conditional for a variety of reasons that have nothing to do
conditional registration because of the addition of non-hazardous changes in a product, such as adding a lemon or
conditioner efficiency standards are developed by the federal
conditioners operate in California. Federal law preempts
conditioners that qualify for efficiency incentives in
conditions against a list of declinable health conditions, and then not disclose those on his or her application for coverage
conditions of supervision
conditions regardless of their employment status. The Association suggests
conditions takes the unique needs of those individuals experiencing
conditions that employers turned to tools like real or threatened
conditions that would limit an individual's eligibility for coverage
conditions, to require businesses with 20 or more employees to offer
conditions. A board hearing to determine these facts was not required
conditions. Seeking to improve the circumstances of these workers
conditions. The recidivism rate for hoarders is considered to be 100
conduct a security and safety assessment and to develop a security plan
conduct inspections only based on complaints or requests
conduct the study or contract out within existing resources
conduct" is inconsistent with the values it seeks to instill. Within
conducted by community-based organizations and individuals
conducted by means other than telephone or cell phone calls. Stored
conducted to determine whether there are cases that require extended TD, and to identify those types of cases
conferring diagnosing authority on clinical social workers, as
confidential patient information, and to deter misuse of confidential
confidential under state and federal law, a provision that
confidentiality may be violated through unexpected means not
confinement for a nonviolent offender sentenced to
confinement in DJJ facilities, and whether Farrell reforms have adequately
confirmation, which they see as "unnecessary and redundant
confirmed by driving 20 minutes from the Capitol
confirmed that decisions on how to spend local funds were a municipal
confirmed that parties listed are still opposed
confirms that no local streets will be involved, the freeway agreement
confirms the items listed on a spending plan
confiscation of an unauthorized cell phone or wireless device, would have
confiscation, the first step in a complete destruction of a cornerstone
conflict of interest because an employer could use the threat
conflict of interest issues...The more overtly political make-up of the new
conflict-of-interest policies for board members, CIRM staff, and members of the working groups, open meeting provisions for
conflicting with the federal rules
conflicts of interest that could lead to wrongful convictions. The motivation for such testimony is frequently the expectation of some
conflicts of interest. (C) Honoraria for academic peer review of course materials. Prior to
conflicts with other requirements related to formularies
conflicts-of-interest for the city and removes objectivity from
conforming to expected standards of behavior, of staff, and would
conforming to public health standards of care can be
confusing, for voters. For instance, what is to stop a pension reform
confusion among voters
Congestion Relief Program. The bill authorizes $1.5
Congress delay implementation of the new funding allocation until
Congress that would impair cryptocurrency users' ability to do their business in the United
conjunction with CA Commission
connected to one of the protected categories
connection between the failure of the business and the failure of the tax
connection with agencies employees, including but not limited to pension
connection with any judgments, settlements or actions. They note
consensus must be sought to determine a local government's budgeting
consensus prior to any further amendments to the bill
consent to the electronic distribution of the images. Typically, these
consent, not identity, so DNA analysis would only confirm what is already
consented to the original taking of the picture, he or she did not
consenting businesses
consequence of making our state referendum process less accessible
consequences for millions of women. The California Medical Association is
consequences, such as employees continuing to commute as single-occupant
consequently we
Consequently, sureties are beginning to receive these types of
conservation and environmental organizations. It is unclear whether
Conservation Organization, Natural Resources
conservation practices and agricultural wildfire mitigation strategies
conservative district-ruled that 'it is not the job of the local police
consider amending the bill to require the Mexican
consider narrowing the bill to reflect a more incremental and phased-in
consider specified mitigation measures that exceed the project's scope is
consider the defendant's background and issue a protective order if the circumstances warrant the same
consider their findings
consider who is responsible for providing transportation to a pupil
considerable burden on the industry
considerable resources with the possibility of not receiving
consideration all of a parolee's previous felony convictions with
consideration of these proposals without the delays inherent in the regulatory process
consideration the diverse needs of the learner
consideration the role a company played in the Holocaust. For example, a
consideration to evidence of domestic violence. Sometimes, when a
consideration to this issue when the next education
considered for sentencing purposes if a current offense
considering and choosing course materials to be used in connection with the accredited courses taught at those institutions. (2) "Publisher" means any publishing house, publishing firm, or publishing
considering the alarmingly high price tag of many new specialty drugs
considers lasers to be investigational devices and laser acupuncture to be experimental, the bill could
considers these factors when determining where to house inmates
considers these trades and professions significant enough to
consistency and fairness and to prevent favoritism and disparate treatment .... We do not
Consistent and complete disclosures about companies' climate-related financial risks would
Consistent with a provision already included in SB 402 and in an effort
consistent with relating to carcinogenicity, mutagenicity, and adverse effects on reproductive toxicity that is consistent
Consistent with the case law, this measure would clarify that multiple motions for summary judgment brought by the same party in the same case are prohibited, absent good cause
consistent with the underlying purpose of Proposition 13, which was
consistent, ensuring wrongful convictions are remedied quickly, and true
consistently shown that the reliability of eyewitness
consisting of the following groups
consolidation concerns. The LAPPL states, "Passage of AB 128 will make
consolidation more difficult to achieve. The City of LA has ONE (sic)
Consolidation of BSIS funds
consolidation of the two programs would serve in the best
consolidation would reduce the administrative burden because
Consortium as a governing state. A total of 30 states have signed up to
constituents (utility customers). The association
constituents of the criminal justice system, including the public, can
constitute a reimbursable expense. Public employer opponents
constitute an 'abduction' for the purpose of AMBER Alert System
constitutes the practice of medicine, and the Board would have jurisdiction
Constitution and enshrined in California's Constitution for nearly fifty years, and has had a dramatic impact on the lives of women and families in the United
Constitution and the laws of the United
Constitution which
Constitution, which
Constitution, which requires two-thirds local voter approval for special
Constitution. While the Legislature can to shift property taxes between
constitutional amendment that dedicated proceeds from sale of surplus
constitutional and statutory prohibitions against overspending on service
constitutional due process/vagueness as well as fourth amendment
constitutional infirmities, denying the ability for all facts to be
constitutional problems in terms of separation of powers
constitutional protections for speech and association. Individuals have
constitutional reasons when it passed AB 340. Supporters conclude in
constitutional right to choose to form a municipal utility
constitutional rights by forcing employers to recognize certain days as
constitutionally valid as it results in taxpayers paying higher taxes
construct, which is overseen by the Board of Behavioral Sciences and is protected from inappropriate usage under current law
constructed buildings and that any increased costs from Field Act
constructed under the Field Act requirements have fared better in
Construction and property owner groups including the California Building Industry Association and the California Apartment Association are
construction and the requirements for 200-year protection would
construction in the development of the next bond act
construction litigation negatively impacts housing production
construction of the New Zoo will generate not only a short-term economic impact from its construction but would also deliver ongoing economic benefits that would
construction sector, leverage an additional $2.78 billion in federal, local and private investment and build nearly build nearly 10,000
constructive bargaining between the parties, and allowing either party to
construed to change the assumption of risk doctrine as it applies to ski
Consulate General of Canada expresses significant concerns with the bill observing the bill fails to recognize Canada
consult with various resources, including statewide
consultation with DMHC on the impact of any rate adjustment
consultations, for which it requested introduction by the
Consulting directly with LGBTQ+ experts will allow CalOES to better understand how
Consumer advocates have indicated strong support for
consumer assessment done in HFP. Prior to last year's budget
Consumer attorneys and other labor groups also
Consumer Attorneys is pleased
consumer choice, and higher prices for personal training services. For
consumer costs for all dietary supplements, affecting millions
Consumer Federation of California to increase oversight of food safety
Consumer groups and provider representatives
consumer groups to reduce barriers and increase access to mental health care services for the nearly 11 million individuals that are enrolled in MCMC plans
consumer objections to having information disclosed without
consumer participation on behalf of communities of color in the development
consumer protection issues
consumer protection role by allowing these provisions to be included in
Consumer Reports (CR) writes that although CR strongly
consumer safety reporter Public Citizen
consumer's disposable income, remain exempt from the program. While
consumers and hospitals should not be placed in the position of having to
consumers and improve air quality
Consumers and industry experts have raised concerns about the repeated turnover of adjusters during the
consumers and other interested parties do not realize that the Secretary of State LLC filings are not tamperproof. In this day and age of privacy advocation and protections
consumers and purchasers, increases plan administrative costs, and will result in increased premiums for purchasers of high-deductible products. Opponents
consumers and regulators
consumers at the time of purchase of a timber product
consumers can make apples-to-apples comparisons of services across hospitals
consumers have a right to know how their food is developed. Does the required label falsely imply that the food is somehow different or
consumers in paperwork to ensure all key rates, terms, and conditions are
consumers in these new developments have never been, nor ever
consumers it seeks to protect", stating "Passing AB 1447 will create a
consumers over the safety of products they purchase
Consumers Union and the Proposition 103 Enforcement Project are opposed to SB 1993 for a range of reasons. They
Consumers Union, while generally supportive
consumers who are in need of these certificates, many at a time, and are
Consumers who must borrow
consumers will have the opportunity to recover their costs when they
consumers with data that provides an accurate comparison and tells the whole story
consumers, and that adding burdensome and unnecessary
consumers, as it creates a far more arduous regulatory approval process
Consumers, however, will have no way to predict this, and might reasonably think that both
consumers." Similar concerns were express by the California District
consuming water. Additionally, DHS
contacted this committee to formally register their opposition to the bill. However, some utilities that have entered into pipeline biomethane
contain a mechanism to ensure that one employer does not become
contain confidentiality clauses, UC
contain DMX, and the intent of the bill to fine a store or company for
contain provisions stating that the UC will not contract out for services
contain various types of statistical data compiled from insurers in all 50
contained a provision allowing Medi-Cal's exemption
contained temporary disability indemnity benefits, 22% of the cases were issued citations because of late payments in
contained the provisions regarding MFTs that were subsequently amended into
container laws. This is not an issue of substantive law. This is an
containers in a secure location
containing information involving the date of the breach and the number of persons affected. These entities
containing specified provisions. The provisions in question include no
containing the date of the breach and the number of persons affected
containment provisions relating to hospital regulation, physician practice
containment. In addition, the elimination of other
contaminated by lead ammunition
contamination may lead to lost certification that achieves over three years and thousands of dollars to obtain. The drift of waste
contemporaneous conversations of drug dealers, organized crime suspects and persons who are suspects in murder cases. However, current law is
contend it is inappropriate for the union to seek changes in
contend providing an incentive for these efforts, through a tax credit on
contend that commercial vessels
contend that establishing a new felony creates the likelihood
contend that inspections would be more balanced, and accuracy
contend that SB 693 will unify state statutes regarding a "skilled and trained workforce" for public construction contracts using certain alternative delivery methods. They
contend that this measure could curtail abstinence-centered sex
contend that, "Pre-inspections for new dealerships, or for new
contend the bill will help to organize the intense stakeholder interest
contend the certification in the bill is overbroad and cost prohibitive and impractical for contractors. The opponents
contend the MIC simply rewards activity that would take place
contend the project will endanger drinking water supplies and the San
contend the state's criminal justice system will be inundated with
contend the statute requiring MMPs is too broad and can result in an
contendere or finding of guilt. Any action which a board is
contends "the labyrinth of existing penalties are more than
contends it is inappropriate to afford the Public Safety
contends most, if not all of the bicycle plans, probably would qualify for
contends that
contends that "AB 106 is too complex in its provisions, and would be much simpler, and no doubt equally a effective, to
contends that "AB 106 is too complex in its provisions, and would be much simpler, and no doubt equally as effective, to
contends that "expansion of this new and controversial law is
contends that ''...there exists in California a robust apprenticeship
contends that ensuring the completion of infrastructure and air quality improvements in California is especially
contends that incentivizing drug treatment programming and aftercare for non-violent and non-serious inmates by
contends that increasing the set aside for low to moderate
contends that insufficient staff
contends that the substitution of priority toxic compounds
contends the adequacy of their electrical distribution systems is the responsibility of their elected boards, who are accountable to their
contends there is too little supporting evidence to continue
contends they need to ensure that inconsistencies in program implementation
content of the website and work with the TGI communities
contention that the technology is imminent and/or effective or practical
contested current issues in our state and nation, including
contested or denied. CAHP and ACLHIC state this provision ignores the fact that there are many legitimate reasons why a claim might be contested
context of food hardship, low CalFresh participation and recent cuts to
Contingency fee agreements make it less likely that a taxpayer will be
contingency fee basis. However, contingency fees, when used for tax
contingent upon the director of DDS certifying that those savings could be
continue
continue along a path to self sufficiency, and to expand
continue filling a critical function in the place of DMH clinical
continue in a year-over-year downward trend consistent with the average trend established between 2014 and 2017. (b) By July 1
continue to add costs to the health care system when costs
continue to be made at the local level - just like those for other legal
continue to coordinate dangerous criminal activity
continue to do. Instead of requiring each and every department, no
continue to meet on a regular basis
continue to provide the level of public services residents demand
continue to work with and local stakeholders on identifying
continue working in their chosen fire service career. They
continue working on a few remaining issues
continue working on the language while the bill is on the Suspense File
continue. Given the support of the stakeholders for a fee
continued and Hearing
continued employment of the bureau's staff in their current functions
continued to irresponsibly breed unwanted animals. Without this tool the animals would have ultimately become a euthanasia statistic
Continued--- STAFF ANALYSIS OF SENATE BILL 921 (Kuehl) Page 13 Health Care for All California
continues that strong American philosophy." The AIDS Project of Los Angeles
continues to punish people who have offended, paid their debt and are trying to make their way in the world by obtaining a
continuing education. As with other health and social services
continuing environmental degradation of our watersheds
continuing to work together, and with continued discussion and agreement on
continuous appropriation status to annual appropriation status
continuous operation to develop and
continuously appropriated for the CalWORKs program
Contra Costa County also
contract - such as doctor's visits - the bill will
contract and, depending on the scope of the contract, may require
contract beds for the Prisoner Mother Program and 63 contract beds for
contract for power sales as a condition to obtaining a permit
contract funds would
contract with an independent academic entity
contract with government entities, suffered at least three data breaches
contract with third parties. These contracts could be done on a
contract with third party agents in pursuing such activities. Passage of this measure will continue to allow disclosure of limited confidential
contract. They
contracting by establishing a single point of contact known
contracting for acceptance of such honoraria, the employee shall disclose
contracting for these services would be more cost effective. The Council
contractor's failure on a past contract reflects an inability to perform
contractor, often falls on the owner when a lien against the property is recorded. "It is harsh enough when an innocent
contractor. The state can better protect employees of contractors by improving the education of contractors, increasing enforcement resources, and tightening licensing
contractors are complying with UC policies and all federal, state, and local laws. Finally, the program will include annual compensation audits
Contractors Association, in opposition, raise the following concerns
Contractors Association, oppose the increased threshold for
contractors license hundreds of individual software components and programs from third party developers, and that even with extensive
contractors that willfully violate prevailing wage law and permanently
contractors who would be paying the required prevailing wage could still
contracts contain provisions that address how and when notice of changes to
contracts under a PLA and that workers on a PLA would not be forced to
contracts with local agencies. While CCPOA
contracts would meet this threshold. Should the committee exclude low value life insurance contracts
contracts, but the bill would restrict the hiring practices of successor contractors to the pool of employees of the prior
contracts, or that plan to do so, may
contracts. According to supporters, a March 2009 study conducted by the Service Employees International Union, Local 1000 found that the state
contracts. C.A.S.H
contracts. The opponents
contracts." Opponents
contractual relationship between the designated local authority and CalPERS, AB 1175 is a critical step to finalize the dissolution of redevelopment agencies
contractually, insurers should be required to use a scientifically valid and unbiased methodology that applies to all hospitals, instead of allowing
contrary to key, fundamental criminal law principles, including ensuring
contrary to previous agreements. The Department of Finance also notes
contravene existing law, as the Administration interprets
contribute to greater completion rates
contribute to pesticide drift exposure. Additionally, numerous agricultural associations, including the California
contributes to increased disease and increased costs for both
contribution amount for the borrower and lender to CalCAP reserve
contribution, the taxpayer could take a deduction on state taxes for the same amount and reduce taxable income. Assume this taxpayer is subject
contributions and assessments to the self-insured group for
contributions by lawyers to legal services
contributions from a parent's payroll in its support
contributions to any of 15 funds listed on the state PIT return. The contributions are in addition to tax liabilities so they do not directly
contributions to the Program
contributions to the very same organizations. This would result in
contributions, the taxpayer may deduct the amount of the check-off on the subsequent year's income tax return, reducing state tax collections
contributor is either the applicant for, the subject of, or an
Control (Bureau) within the Department of Justice approved the play
control has not necessarily changed
control is imposed
control of mosquitoes and the diseases they can spread, and potentially
control over costs. Additionally, regardless of who pays the bill, GPS is
control systems. ARB staffing and enforcement programs have not been
control through direct or indirect ownership will trigger a reassessment
control, encouraging DJJ to "consider changes with respect to
control. In its letter of opposition, WMA writes, "Even though the conversion process is a fair and important option for all the parties
controlled game in bad faith and in violation of other provisions of
controlled substance offenses be prohibited from volunteering in public schools
controlled substances in the course of treatment for a
Controller and a sunset date
Controller's Office a request for substantial
Controller's Office to make recommend actions for
Controller, if requested by a local entity, can assist that entity in
controls in place to comply with copyright laws, "inadvertent mistakes and disputes can sometimes occur
controls that would undermine the incentives that drive
controls this language could be subject to manipulation
convene a local agency financial review committee to provide
convened a Conference Committee in February of this year
convened an advisory committee to address the health risks associated
convenience and to return it by mail, in person at the county
convenience store clerks, do so one a one-time basis. According to
convenience stores
convenient alternatives for the collection and destruction of home-generated sharps, private sector stakeholders are
Conversely, expenditures are spent 37% on agents and brokers and 56% on insurers, with 7% used to fund
conversing or meeting potential victims, would register the e-mail
convert a document into an open format and legally meet the vague
convey power consumption, the commission
conveying operating costs in dollars, compared with the CEC labels that
Convicted felons do not deserve the same treatment
convicted of a crime, or on the basis of acts underlying a conviction
convicted of a felony for possession, use, manufacture or distribution of a controlled
convicted of DUI offenses already face stiff sentences and large fines. "No one chooses to run into a full minivan or bus
Convicted of lewd and lascivious conduct against a child, Williams
convicted of misdemeanor/infraction possession of Xanax (Aprazolam) or
Convicted of murder and six counts of attempted murder related to a
Convicted of rape and related charges in 1984, Diaz served 10 years in
convicted one or more times during a relatively brief period
convicted people on release. While California does provide some
convicted people to get compensated and to clear their records
conviction DNA testing
conviction has been affirmed on appeal or when an order granting
conviction is punishable by up to one year in county jail, or 16
conviction, no matter how long ago or minor, would permanently
convictions and the application of criminal justice in this
convictions for serious and/or violent felonies, thus preventing them
cooling off period is unnecessary-due to similar conditions
cooperation with authorities in order to qualify for the U Visa in
coordinated system of economic and workforce data is
coordinating a myriad of services
coordinating board for the locally-governed community college
Coordination between the state and federal governments is critical" and pledges "to continue to work
coordination of homeless programs could be accomplished
copayment or coinsurance may apply
copayments, deductibles or other out-of-pocket costs, which could make
core public health functions such as communicable disease control is
Coroners and Sheriff-Coroners from the following counties
Coroners' Office who is being sued by a family member for failing to
corporate financial fraud, while the Sarbanes-Oxley will only
corporate taxpayers
corporate telehealth companies who contract with the plan
corporation with either a moral objection or desire to secure a
corporations are already overseen by other state departments and boards and do not need an additional layer of oversight. In addition, they note
corporations receive an estimated $14.5 billion in tax expenditures
corporations without oversight, the state is facing a jobs crisis and public services are being devastated by budget cuts that touch every
corporations, favors capital investment at the expense of human capital, and has been expanded through administrative
Corps, which represent a substantial workload increase
correct any deficiencies. CTA
correct the groundless disparity in sentencing, probation and asset
correctional realignment, the Juvenile Parole Board continues to
corrects the above [Santa Clara case cited by author] problem by
correlative, credible harm to viewers.... the choice to view objectionable
A coalition of employer organizations
A coalition of environmental organizations
Among other things, the California School Employees Association
Arguments in Opposition According to the Western
Before we keep going down this road, I think we should pause and reflect on how our system of criminal justice could be made more
behavior creates increasing complexity without commensurate benefit
CSSA is pleased
department does not receive
DGS Statewide Consolidated Annual Reports for the contracting periods
Each of these bills creates a new crime - usually by finding a novel
form of human misbehavior. During the same period, our jail and prison
human, more just and more cost-effective
In an
including the California Chamber of Commerce
MCHA states new mothers need a structure for health and social
MCHA writes that the CPSP benefit connects mothers to necessary medical care and social
more than 5,000 separate provisions, covering almost every conceivable
Organizations in opposition to the bill worry that the continued establishment of individualized county subsidized child care plans detracts from addressing the greater statewide need for reform
organizations who
Others offer similar statements
Over the last several decades, California's criminal code has grown to
PageE
populations have exploded
proscribed. This multiplication and particularization of criminal
qualifying for this level
cosmetic manufacturers and other entities
Cosponsor Planned Parenthood Affiliates of California writes that while they
Cosponsor the California Academy of PAs (CAPA) writes
cost courses. The California Teachers Association
cost may no longer warrant a subsidy. The bill requires the PUC to review the program's current subsidy payments by
cost of POBAR claims turns out to be roughly $10 million annually, costs
Cost pressure to DPH and local health departments
cost pressures (Trial Court Trust Fund) possibly in the mid- to-upper hundreds of thousands of dollars to the trial courts to consider whether mitigating circumstances are present
cost pressures, CSU indicates that the Governor's modest formula for
cost the state even more money later if allowed to go
cost to the state and will provide much needed clarity in a decidedly
cost to them following their release even though they are largely uninsured
cost upwards of $1.2 billion, according to some studies
cost, questioning the need to impose this mandate altogether
cost-effective energy efficiency "benefits its members by
cost-effective, humane solution to homelessness is housing, not law enforcement initiatives
cost-of-living and growth allowances." However, this
cost-of-living-adjustment is provided in the annual budget. (ECS 84750)
cost-prohibitive, particularly in the current economic
cost-saving measures being sought by the public agency in a downturned
costly and has numerous policy flaws, including that the bill will
costly and unnecessary
costly litigation. CMDA also
costly, difficult to determine or, in some instances, nonexistent, and subject various types of users, such as small farmers, to the costs of other types of users, such as commercial developers
Costs accounted for $4,214,000 (93.8 percent) of the total
costs and bureaucratic hurdles with no gains in public safety. It creates
costs and ensures that state agencies receive a good deal on their state contracts
costs and requiring a minimum medical loss ratio fails
costs as a result of the provision in the bill requiring
costs as needed, and that the current requirement to set aside funds
costs at each segment
costs but would prefer that the definition of "cutover land" remain in
costs by increasing enrollee access to non-contracting providers
costs for staff to attend meetings and record minutes as well as contract
costs for taxpayers
costs for the State
costs had to be absorbed by the four entities. The Board
costs in California, even for renters, who will have to absorb costs from
costs in producing them
costs in the tens of millions of dollars, as a result
Costs may be higher in the short term, possibly in the low millions of dollars annually, with costs potentially tapering off over time once historical
costs of $150,000 in 1999-00 and $300,000 annually
costs of the hypothetical school
costs on local governments. They
costs to no more than five percent of wages. SEIU opposes requiring
costs to state and local agencies. In addition, they
costs to suit the preference of the employer or other
costs to the system, and that the Division of Workers' Compensation already
costs to their large-group customers, who, unlike the small-group and individual markets, do not have the benefit of rate review. They state
costs went into law in 1976, but the DMHC did not
costs when refinancing their home loans or looking to modify their home
costs while reducing the competitiveness and quality of services the public receives
costs will also include additional information technology staff positions
Costs would
costs" that are intended to directly benefit patients
costs, and that some Californians will no longer purchase
costs, increase access and improve care
costs, regulations promulgated by the DMHC have
costs, to the benefit of the entities that contribute funding to these
costs. Establishing voluntary statewide criteria that could be used as
costs. Opponents also
Costs.* Within each of these broad categories, costs and people are further identified by types of expenditures, such as classroom teachers, instructional aides, and books and supplies
Cotton Candy, Cookie Dough, and Kush (a slang term for marijuana) that
could be "broadly interpreted to mean disclosure of extremely proprietary information to the public and our
could be enforced, such a requirement would not produce additional
could be interpreted to restrict services for individuals other than combat
could be overly broad-covering issues ranging from building
could be sacrificed, should AB 118 funds be commingled with funds from
could be viewed by regulators as requiring health plans to conduct an
could benefit from the tax credit. Because of the cost to the state
could benefit owners/operators, marine habitats and the state
could cause problems for dealers and lenders by
could decline
could enable employers to establish a pattern of behavior that could be
could help save thousands of future victims
could interfere with the iterative information gathering application
could just as easily be created without the state's involvement, potentially subjecting them to federal penalties and raising the risk of employment verification audits
could lead to a reduction of services
could limit gun ownership. Opponents also question the author's
could lower tax payments. Incidentally, if a tax is later found to have
could not approve guidelines that have the effect
could not be produced with Napa grapes without enormous price
Could not be verified prior to publishing analysis
could not provide a refund because of statute of limitations
could only obtain the information on the Megan's Law list by calling a
could otherwise have obtained had the provider billed the Medi-Cal program. In implementing this subsection, the Department shall
could result in a de facto moratorium on new residential construction in
could result in an increase in Medi-Cal costs as fewer people are able to
could result in redistribution of apportionment revenue
could save approximately $350 million annually by using civil service
could set a legislative precedent that undermines the University's long
Council (Organizations denoted with an asterisk (*) communicated their position before proposed the amendments on which this
Council and a long list of industry and commercial organizations
Council and the entire bill was subsequently gutted and amended
council charged with very specific and limited duties
Council estimate made in 2008 that Measure R projects alone will create
council members gathered in Sacramento for an annual three-day training
Council of Rural Counties, and industry associations who benefit from
Council studies show that sheriff's security is expensive and difficult to audit, and judges lose control of their own
Council to modify membership to increase the representation of academic interests of the University of California MIND Institute and of consumers with developmental disabilities
Council, (North & South), Waste Management
Council, AFL-CIO & Vaca Valley Chiropractic
Council, all of which are sponsors of the bill
Council, California Plant Health Association, California Retailers Association, California
Council, California State Association of Counties, City and County of San Francisco, City Council, City of Costa Mesa
Council, California State Council of Carpenters, Coalition of California Utility
Council, California Women for Agriculture, Chemical Industry Council of California, Consumer Specialty Products Association, Fresno
Council, Clorox Company, Coalition of Independent Recyclers, Consumer Healthcare
Council, Environmental Defense Fund and a long list of nonprofit and community-based groups supportive of AB 32's GHG reduction goals, and Waste Management
Council, Industrial Environmental Association, Metal Finishing Association of Southern
Council, Northwest Coalition for Alternatives
Council, Nursing Mothers Counsel, Inc., Planning and Conservation League, San Mateo/San
Council, Office of the Attorney General, Planning and Conservation League, Sierra Club
Council, Pesticide Action Network of North
Council, Phibro-Tech, Inc., Railway Tie
Council, Planning and Conservation League, Sierra
Council, Sierra Club California, Toxics in
Council, Silicon Valley Manufacturing Group, Sony Ericsson Mobile, Sprint
Council, The Thursday Group, Western States
Council, which
Councilmember-Elect Gil Cedillo to the Los Angeles City Council for
counsel and information technology staff to determine if it is able to
counsel that changes in the apportionment statute would result in
counsel, could well create confusion and ambiguity that could cloud the property's title
counselors
counselors for thirty years. Currently over 100,000 masters and doctoral
counselors. Requirements include educational standards, post-degree
count, within the required 28 days, more challenging, particularly
counter to that goal by eliminating testing in
counter to the long-standing state policy, and to case law, which exclude the CSU from the requirements of civil service
counter-balance the negotiating power between plans and providers by, for example, organizing provider groups, have not been effective. The sponsor
counterparts in the community living lives with greater independence, opportunity, and choice than is possible in a developmental center
counterproductive and could result not only in a rate spike at the end of the freeze, but in an overall increase in long term care insurance
counters, a practice already common among reputable retail outlets
Counties (RCRC), and the League of Cities has taken an oppose unless
Counties [SPONSOR] CA Department of Transportation
Counties and airlines party to the agreement
counties and federal agencies must compete in
counties and individual landholders invest significant funds to remediate. A 2006 survey conducted jointly by the California State Association of Counties
Counties and local EMS agencies
counties and schools. Moreover, it is not likely to be successful in
Counties and their behavioral health agencies
counties are uniquely positioned to serve the lower- level offender population by blending the provision of corrections
counties but not others, leading to different sentences for defendants
Counties can and do handle firefighter hardships on an individual
counties continue to advocate for more federal and state
counties currently provide resources
counties for their losses, as has long been provided by Section 2230 of the California Revenue and Taxation Code
counties have difficulty recruiting a sufficient number of degreed
counties other than San Diego are interested in pursuing this type of RSO active identification. The author may wish to consider a San Diego
Counties provide a broad range of services to county
counties to provide such services only to veterans, and not to other
counties to recover a portion of the costs to administer the sealing of records where the person has the ability to pay, but also sets up a
counties' use of existing DRE technology--which is currently
counties, the use of jail space for this offense may not be the best use
counting existing policyholders toward any credit against
county also
County And Municipal Employees and health advocates
County and Municipal Employees Association for Health
County and Municipal Employees California Association for Health
County and Municipal Hearing Date: June 9
county and private laboratory providers and Planned Parenthood Affiliates of California (PPAC)
County Assessors Association as a means to improve the discovery of changes in ownership
County Assessors will be able
County Behavioral Health Director's Association also
County Behavioral Health Directors Association (CBHDA) in an
County Behavioral Health Directors Association (CBHDA) writes in a
County Board of Education to serve pupils who would otherwise be
County Board of Supervisors and several waste management businesses
County Board of Supervisors, Metropolitan Water
County Clerks for the bill as introduced
County Costs, and California Department of Education (CDE)
COUNTY DISTRICT ENROLLMENT AS OF 10/96 ARCADIA UNIFIED 9,052
COUNTY DISTRICT ENROLLMENT AS OF 10/96 ATWATER ELEMENTARY 4,400
COUNTY DISTRICT ENROLLMENT AS OF 10/96 FOUNTAIN VALLEY ELEM. 6,051
COUNTY DISTRICT ENROLLMENT AS OF 10/96 HANFORD ELEMENTARY 5,014
COUNTY DISTRICT ENROLLMENT AS OF 10/96 LOS ANGELES HACIENDA LA PUENTE UNIFIED 22,345
COUNTY DISTRICT ENROLLMENT AS OF 10/96 LOS ANGELES LOS ANGELES UNIFIED 667,305
COUNTY DISTRICT ENROLLMENT AS OF 10/96 PORTERVILLE ELEMENTARY 7,037
COUNTY DISTRICT ENROLLMENT AS OF 10/96 RIO LINDA UNION ELEMENTARY 10,455
COUNTY DISTRICT ENROLLMENT AS OF 10/96 SAN BERNARDINO REDLANDS UNIFIED 17,950
COUNTY DISTRICT ENROLLMENT AS OF 10/96 SAN DIEGO SWEETWATER UNION HIGH 30,772
COUNTY DISTRICT ENROLLMENT AS OF 10/96 SANTA CLARA SANTA CLARA UNIFIED 14,386
COUNTY DISTRICT ENROLLMENT AS OF 10/96 SELMA UNIFIED 5,479
county employees and expressed concerns about maintaining
county from basing a permit fee for the installation of a solar energy
county in California
county jail and/or a fine of up to $25,000, or by two, three, or five
county jail instead of state prison, or on PRCS instead of parole
county jail or 16 months, 2 or 3 years in state prison
County must respectfully
County of "California is in the midst of an unprecedented housing crisis caused by a severe lack of new housing construction at all levels of affordability. Passed in 1982
County of 121 local Agencies
County of a showing of good cause
County of ARGUMENTS IN SUPPPORT: According to the author
County of bill's requirements
County of chapters of Los Angeles
County of City of Advocacy
County of City of Planning
County of City of Protection
County of Housing Departments of the Cities of Concord
County of Imperial to rectify a local taxation problem
County of in one year on voter participation
County of Los Angeles is honored
County of Marin writes
County of prevent them from simply moving into a
County of Quitcarbon
County of San Benito to rectify a local taxation problem
County of San Bernadino (all support as reflected in the Assembly Public Safety Analysis and as forwarded to this Committee)
County of San Bernardino writes with an
County of San Luis Obispo and supported by local travel associations
County of San Luis Obispo and supported by voter empowerment groups and a labor organization
County of Santa Clara are opposed to the bill based on the potential impact of having three elections
County of Section 17000 responsibility to be health care providers of last resort
County of Sonoma, which
County of Special Districts (See Senate Judiciary Committee analysis of 5/3/16 for a complete list.)
County of the Housing Accountability Act (HAA) has served for more 30 years as a tool to ensure that municipalities do not unfairly hinder the development of new housing projects
County of the public, taxpayer-funded safety net as a backstop for care they do not have available or will not provide
County of to ensure that the portion of health realignment funds dedicated to
County pilot project with a three-year sunset and evaluation
County Recorders in Butte, Contra Costa, Glenn, Napa, Placer, San Mateo, Santa Rosa, and Sonoma Counties
County Sheriff's Department, due to an inconsistency in law regarding
County strongly
County values the safety of drivers and community members and
county voters adopted a charter amendment put forward by the Board of Supervisors
county where the prosecution
county which is projected to exceed its "basic aid
county with a state mental hospital, the county should not have shoulder
County, and Silicon Valley
County, Sacramento Regional County Sanitation
County: Judicial Council of California
couple those opportunities with student
coupled with integrated and easily accessible systems
Coupled with the newly-adopted Inflation Reduction Act from the United
course materials from faculty or staff. (3) A campus bookstore shall not engage in any trade of any course
course or direction prior to conclusions or recommendations from the various ongoing regulatory proceedings
coursework or instruction, except that an employee may receive any of the following: (A) Free review course materials, instructor's copies, or instructional
Court Administrator for Bay, Delta, Mt. Diablo and Walnut Creek-Danville
court and community day schools under their jurisdiction. Shouldn't
court costs by keeping minor DUI cases out of the courtroom
court facilities would harm the court's ability to meet its existing
court for evaluation and diagnosis. The bill would
court funding has been significantly cut
court hearing for 30 days
Court held that the Tennessee law allowing state courts to award veterans' disability benefits
court in a habeas proceeding
court is able to judge the success of the probation and (hopeful) remedy
Court Judge Lowell Reed, Jr., was correct when he said, 'Perhaps we do
Court noted "the people's entitlement to fair and impartial tax
court noted that the obligation of a father
Court of Appeal ruled that the Superior Court ruling correctly determined
Court of Appeals as an accurate reflection of the legislative intent
court process and simply based on an allegation of probably cause. This
Court repeatedly affirmed the validity of these
Court ruling in United Guaranty Residential Insurance
Court ruling is stayed, which means SDE may continue to advise districts
court system, question the priority of adding judgeships given
court system. Urine tests also allow persons who illegally drive while
court time. Opponents further
court to dispute assessments under $1,800 may have been put at risk. An
court: "Wobblers" - offenses which could be filed as misdemeanors or
courthouse construction should be budgeted from the general fund
Courts already take temporal proximity into account when evaluating retaliation
courts are competent to determine the immigration status of individuals, and these determinations are generally not made until deportation or
courts be granted jurisdiction of an SVP placed in their communities
courts remain bound by longstanding constitutional constraints and procedural safeguards before issuing any TRO
cover a follow-up visit when ordered by the woman's treating
cover contracts such as the state's contract with Health Net, and seems
cover the administrative costs provided by the attorney general's office
cover the transaction costs and also collect interest on the value of the money order for the seven years before it
cover those cost increases not related to the agricultural
coverage and are therefore uninsured
coverage because it is incompatible with both Medi-Cal and private sector selective contracting. Moreover, by
coverage could cause as many as 40,000 Californians to lose
coverage denial (Blue Cross
coverage expansions build on the foundation of a dysfunctional Medi-Cal
coverage from more than one source
coverage from their own health plans
coverage of orthotic and prosthetic benefits, many have
coverage review
coverage through Covered California because they have employer-sponsored
coverage to be for care that is medically necessary as
coverage to individuals and then rescind coverage later when the enrollee
coverage to their employees and dependents avoid employer responsibility
coverage. Individuals who would have signed up for an HSA may not do so
coverage. Supporters
coverage. The insurance commissioner objects to the provision
covered by Medi-Cal fee-for-service must remain in the hospital to receive that treatment, which is more costly to
Covered California and DHCS), is a web- based portal
Covered California subsequently notified the California Department of Insurance
covered family member, but rather are 'supervising' the care the family
covered for ongoing treatment and disease management costs
covered in the carriers' rate structure, AT&T indicates that the initial
covered services to a consumer credit reporting agency., or (2) Fails to notify the consumer reporting agency of corrections to
covers approximately 80% to 90% of the cost of treating
Covina Nonprofit organizations including land trusts: Laguna Hills Audubon
CPA also
CPA associations from various states
CPA indicates that the requirements of this legislation would
CPA writes that while it is not
CPCA and CSSA must
CPCA must respectfully
CPDA and those involved in the court system, however, know from real
CPDA applauds creative efforts to deter crime and provide funds for
CPDA further
CPDA strongly
CPEs to fund public providers, even though both the public and private
CPF also
CPF] is pleased
CPhA concludes the state needs to concentrate its efforts on smart solutions such as this. CPhA
CPIL continues, "Over the past decades many agencies - including
CPOC is pleased
CPUC Website: http://www
CR also
CRA works on behalf of California's retail industry the largest retail market in the United
CRD must also complete their investigations of these
create a bright line in the law between the future supply of police dogs and other pet dogs
create a health care district to take over their local
create a set of standards so that they can be given the opportunity to
create a statewide trafficking network, without providing
create additional enrollment pressure on the community
create an atmosphere so that international thoroughbred races
create an expanded tax assistance grant program that will provide
create and
create manufacturing jobs. Opponents
create pressure for additional costs
create substantial risk that the defendant would again become
create unintended consequences
created by AB 1378 is merely an attempt to prevent
created by SB 1167
created by the structural modernization of the Complex
created for a discrete situation unique to the issue of IPB and was
created in the bill subverts due process rights for physicians, and lowers the evidentiary standard for revocation of prescribing privileges
created only to the extent that funds are appropriated for that
created the Community Based Punishment Act of 1994
created the SCG and required it to grants manage and award grants and loans
creates an extensive set of rules to govern the relations
creates an untenable burden. We
creates housing problems by requiring jail managers to house both inmates
creates ongoing cost pressures estimated in the millions of dollars in
creates opportunity for fraudulent voting by others
creating a new statute, thereby avoiding the chaptering
Creating a presumption simply allows
creating a statewide standard for translating ballot designations is
creating additional burdens for sex offender housing, noting the recent
creating an enforcement program to minimize public works violations
Creating and fortifying California's peer
creating and maintaining jobs in the state should be paramount, AB 1655
creating another economic barrier to consumers caused by
creating uncertainty among plan partners and risk destabilizing health centers' ability to provide high quality
credential for five years. After completing two years as a school nurse and completing a school nursing program, the individual qualifies for a
credential renewal cycle and associated assessment mechanism
credential. An individual is issued a preliminary school nurse
credit cards when purchasing products online. The Consumer Attorneys
credit history and credit scoring, as defined in
credit such as the MIC to reverse trends showing manufacturing
Credit, and the ample opportunities to invest in California's leading
credit, and therefore they should not be required to be licensed by the Department of Corporations
credited against the total time of commitment. In addition
credited with an 84 percent drop in AIDS-related deaths, and that the $12,000 average annual cost of medications alone
credits at another waterfront site. The proposal would be subject to an
credits in situations where a product is likely to be fully
credits to be meaningful in the hiring process
crime may be committed by another, without more, is an
crime to pay someone to register voters for a particular political party, the bill may violate the First Amendment and parallel state
crime. However, the rate at which guns were reported stolen by those who
crimes and there is no evidence that current laws are not
crimes are entitled to restitution and the perpetrators of high-dollar
crimes for 2003 and 2004 indicates that there were only 24
crimes. However, doing so by requiring law enforcement agencies to
criminal activity without sufficient and correlated cause, and seeks to
criminal background checks on employees, and it
criminal court calendars
criminal history process used for DSS licensees, an exemption
criminal liability
criminal penalties based on that overcharge. The author and consumer groups do not concur with this proposal as they
criminal threats, I am unable to sign this measure
criminality at all, and no 'indicia' except a death. Under
criminalize usage of social networking sites by RSOs (registered sex offenders)
criminalizing the sale of handgun ammunition to anyone under
criminally liable for possessing certain chemicals knowing
crisis can turn. They cite several specific provisions they
crisis on state and local levels. L.A. and Orange Counties, which
criteria as a primary indicator could potentially displace an
criteria for approving additional physicians and giving the MBC the sole
criteria for being addictive, it does not mean that it cannot
criteria for startup grants and funding is provided
criteria for the issuance of work permits, I
criteria related to their job responsibilities. For
criteria, including no prior convictions involving a controlled substance and no prior felony convictions within five years. Upon successful
criteria, standards, and traffic control devices developed by Caltrans
criterion in its policies for promotion and tenure. UC
critical component is to create and actually implement evidence-based, in
critical component of engaging their patients in physical and behavioral
critical data collected by the CMP allows the State to make strategic investments in watershed and fishery restoration that will effectively
critical for the state to
critical health care and substance abuse disorder services through Medi
critical infrastructure
critical operations, such as hospitals, already
critical policy development and oversight for the State
critical report concerning the Department of Corporation's (DOC) management of its HMO medical survey examinations
critical services like E-911, and are the basis for enabling
critical to restore freight and passenger rail service on the North Coast
criticism, pointing to the BALCO scandal (where professional baseball player Barry Bonds' trainers are accused of providing him illegal supplements), among other troubles. CATA
Critics of MSAs
cross-references persons who possess a gun and who, subsequent to
crowded public places with ammunition readily available is inappropriate and risky behavior that threatens public safety and strains law
Cruz County, Solid Waste Commission, Summit
CSA and supported by the City of West Sacramento
CSAAVE has been housed in CalVet since 2007, and is federally funded, operating under an annual reimbursement contract with the United
CSAC and RCRC say they
CSAC notes the new structure for community development and affordable
CSAC was proud
CSDA conditions its
CSEA recognizes the intent of this legislation and
CSIA, representing California's 25 ski resorts, wrote in
CSL and aging advocates
CSL in conclusion
CSLB generally
CSNO further
CSOAA also
CSR facilities, provided that they fully implemented
CSSA must
CSU [BOT] welcomes input from all staff and strongly
CSU adds that employees may pursue complaints they feel haven't
CSU Board of Trustees encourages and welcomes input from faculty and staff, and strongly
CSU faculty
CSU is still the lowest among its 15 public university comparison
CSU notes it would cost $48 million dollars to implement at a step increase of 2.65%. According to CSU
CSU remains
CSU to create consistency in its fee waiver policy by extending the benefit afforded undergraduate students to graduate students from the Armed Forces
CSU, the sponsor of AB 656 (McCarty)
CTC recently expressed
CTIA must
CTIA respectfully
cultural perspective who acknowledges the needs of both male and female
culturally and linguistically appropriate care
culturally congruent
cure technical errors, bond counsels are reluctant to
CURES data. SB 360 authorizes DOJ to initiate administrative enforcement
CURES has clearly established electronic monitoring as a
CURES makes identifying patterns of abuse and diversion of prescription drugs into illicit markets easier because all
current and historical GPS coordinates with other agencies. AB 2499 will
current conditions. Foremen of recent grand juries have described their
current eligibility requirements, and thereby conflict with
current fines are low, these non-filers find it easier to pay the fine
current fiscal condition. This program will be inoperative
current legal negotiations, but it also circumvents the SBE's authority
current medical advice. They
Current outreach efforts at DHS
current pandemic, with increased need for contract flexibility and demands for nonprofit services
current policies result in the state doing everything reasonably possible
current policy denies low-income people with disabilities of all ages from accessing needed
current policy of withholding issuance or renewal of driver's licenses for those with government-owed child
current practice in malpractice litigation, in which the plaintiff bears
current practice. CDAA also
current regulations, declining enrollment districts
current voting system technology used by the County has the optional certified software capability
current wildlife management practices and prevent the depletion of local
Currently 36 local counties, cities, and towns, representing nearly 19 million Californians, are enrolled in the AARP Network of Age Friendly
currently allows the DHCS to develop the assessment tool without going
Currently ARB has approximately 25 enforcement staff to enforce diesel
currently available
currently excessive, inadequate or unfairly
currently exist. The ACS
currently govern lawyers, those that govern their corporate structures, and now those that govern shorthand reporters
currently have long-established local food handler training and knowledge
currently imposed, does not generate substantial revenue, and, even if it
currently in the Assembly Appropriations Committee. These bills, generally, would extend the probationary period of beginning
currently it is working Californians who experience
currently promotes cooperation in discovery and private
currently provides this training as a part of its basic
currently receive funding for approximately 4,000 FTES more
currently review by the court interpreter advisory panel
currently selling 262,000 titles in college bookstores today. Most are
Currently there is no stakeholder that
currently trained on the proper use of force and firearms in their
Currently, 20
Currently, a specific program, administered through
Currently, accused perpetrators of sexual assault are interpreting AB 2777 to mean the statute did not intend to allow victims of sexual assault to revive
Currently, CalHR does not have the necessary resources to assume
Currently, law enforcement would have to obtain a search
Currently, only eight
Currently, the ALRB has the authority to set aside an election, based on
Currently, the Labor Commissioner cannot prosecute many retaliation
Currently, the Securities and Exchange Commission and 45 other
Currently, the state is required to pay 40
Currently, the United
Currently, there are programs in 21 other
Currently, there is one PAC in California, established in 2001
curriculum. We are working with staff to address the duplicative nature of this training and the fact that it would
custody treatment protocols to truly provide tools to veteran inmates to
custody. If an offender is found not to be an SVP, he or she is released
customer confidentiality
customer to dispute charges
customer-generators can utilize other programs to sell renewable power to
customers and companies attempting to protect their information systems
customers on a case-by-case basis by codifying a narrow and prescriptive framework
customers to offset their own on-site energy needs. Southern California
customers, and may actually be harmful to customers and companies
customers, such as that accomplished by real time metering
customization of orders by the consumer, differing nutritional content on
cuts over the last several years while trying to
cuts to education and social service programs
CVSOs offer a holistic approach to veteran support, in stark contrast to unaccredited
CWDA also
CWDA however cannot
CWDA participated in the MRCS Task Force to inform its recommendations and
CWDA strongly
CWMP provides grants and educational resources
Cycling mentally ill people in and out of jail would not prevent the assaults that AB 172 seeks to address
Cypress Community College Registered Dental Assistant
d the initial language of AB 1879 and we continue
d to abortion
d) $64,201 to Tada Corporation to re-issue a state-dated payroll warrant
d) AB 1049 (Solorio), 2007, similar to AB 2200, was vetoed. The governor
d) AB 112 (Goldberg), 2003-2004, would have amended three strikes to
d) AB 1713 (Campos) expands mandated reporters to include commercial-film and photographic-print or image processors. AB 1713 is pending before
d) AB 229 (Lara) would have expanded the Controller's regulatory power
d) AB 481 removes the conclusive presumption that an insurer offered earthquake coverage
d) AB 667 also creates new opportunities for litigation of projects in an
d) Actors and other professionals for movie and television production, athletes, symphonies, ballet troupes
d) Attorney's fees for a mandated reporter case. ($16,003)
d) California is the only western state to deny public access to well log
d) does nothing to ensure those proposed to be conserved under the expansion will be provided with adequate housing
d) For violations of escrow law, from 1 year or more, to 16: months, 2 or 3 years
d) Increased scope of new fee provisions and the amount of fees
d) It excludes contracts with the California Department of Correction and Rehabilitation from the requirement that participating hospitals show
D) Limitation on payment: SB 112 contains language
d) One elected officer or chief administrative officer of a
d) require standard notification requirements for the grievance and appeals process
d) Require use of evidenced-based standards of care when determining iatrogenic infertility
d) Revisions: Revisions are difficult to predict because they are based
d) SB 1053 (Runner) would have provided a partial SUT exemption for TPP
d) The American Civil Liberties Union
d) The exemption of Medi-Cal creates dual standards and may not stand up to legal or public scrutiny
d) The juvenile was adjudged a ward of the court because the juvenile
d) The minor has not had a previous probation revoked
d) Violation of parental and informed consent rights
d. Notification of nonrenewal would be
damage the People's case because the immunity agreement will be disclosed
damage to the child seat and predicting their performance in
damaged or destroyed
damper on dog shows that attract out-of-state participants and contribute
danger of state credits going unused because federal LIHTCs offer a
dangerous for animals
dangerous gang activity, as they allow imprisoned gang leaders to
dangerous precedent
dangerous public health situation for the immigrant
dangerous to patients. Opponents also
Data Coalition, in support
data collected by the federal government
data collected from the California Highway Patrol
Data compiled from www
Data from CDE, compiled by Senate Education Committee
data is readily available for analysis. The triplicate
data quarterly
data storage devices
Data submission is essential to determining legitimate versus illegitimate
data supporting mandatory IID for first-time offenders
data, such as home addresses and/or phone numbers, and to verify their
data, with some states publishing such data online
database (SB 64) or from a third-party database (AB 81)
date and it will take over a year for the correct CCR to be published by
date that the child
David Steinhart, Director of Commonweal's Juvenile Justice Program, questions the need for a blanket prohibition. "AB 2408 is inconsistent
David Wolf, Executive Director Emeritus for the Accrediting Commission for
day
day requirement
day window
day. Furthermore, realignment has resulted in an increased caseload, as
Day. I
days an application by a life or disability agent to become a
days that they don't show up
days to 1 year in county jail and/or a fine of $390 to $1,000 and license revocation
days to review and comment upon a license application. Additionally, opponents
days |days
days, following the appointment of a mediator or entering into a
DC individual is fixed, so moving a person out does not reduce
DC. The opponents
DCs, provides safeguards for current residents, and
de facto employees by receiving health care coverage, childcare benefits, and workers' compensation coverage as a
deadline for budget review could allow uneconomical programs
deadlines through this legislation. Moreover, opponents are
dealer, dismantler, automotive repair dealer, or scrap metal processor
dealers and gun purchasers
Dealers Association and the Department of Consumer Affairs, Bureau of Automotive Repair are neutral on the bill
dealers located further away from the customer than a nonparticipating dealer
dealerships supporting unspecified changes to the mileage
dealing with a medical condition and adjusting to new
deals with rates paid to the newly-expanded universe of providers in the event there is no rate through CHDP
deals with the broader issue of whether individuals are generally
death row inmates. Even if the proposed new CIC is ultimately built as
death, life without the possibility of parole, or those sentenced under
debt, and its provisions may require schools to disclose a bank's
decades of research and proven to deliver positive outcomes for all students
decades. However, those clinics have rarely been successful in getting
decarbonization and environmental organizations
decent job and financial security for their family
decide when counseling is needed and should not be mandated to
decided all redevelopment agencies were required to dissolve as of February 1, 2012
decision after a detailed evidentiary process. Given the long history of this issue, including the previous policy of the City of Los Angeles, it
decision has opened the door for
decision related to this issue, part of which is subject to appeal
decision to deny the city's application as a certified local
decision to develop a community that would utilize these facilities
decision, alleging a faulty comparison. The time and resources
decisions are made
decisions of patient treatment and surgical interventions should be
decisions regarding policy and allocation of resources should be
decisions regarding public safety and security at LAX
decisions that have a anticompetitive impact
decisions, and that giving the California Medical Board
decisions. They conclude that the more time school districts have to
declaration of impasse
declare competition will intensify as Gulf and east coast ports
declared health emergency, and (c) the potential for
declination rates, in and of themselves, are meaningless and can be seriously misconstrued. For example, a carrier
declined due to the cost. They further
declined the coverage
declining economy, now is not the time to rush legislation to harm charities
decrease in the funding for education and rehabilitation programs does
decrease in the state sales tax, public works contracts that were bid and entered into on a fixed price basis prior to the tax change must provide
decrease to the voluntary use of the vaccine, and therefore
decreased DJF commitments to promote county best practices
decreased sentence. These criteria set the bar so low that an inmate
decreases in General Fund support, they have already addressed executive
deductible health plans, they are most effective at reducing the utilization of heath care, rather than addressing rising health care
deductible plans that can be coupled with HSAs. Some experts
deem to be child abuse, but that a strict interpretation of the statute
deemed safe for habitation. The sponsor, Golden State
deemed to be child abuse. The Department of Consumer Affairs issued a
deemed to have consented to chemical testing, but that person
deep pocket to pursue. Opponents
default to January 1, 2009 and federal funding will be compromised
defend it in subsequent litigation, will create an added
defendant essential constitutional rights should be used sparingly
defendant tried for a crime committed in one county in another
defendant would have a strong argument that evidence
defendant's income tax refund. This revenue collection scheme is another
Defendants should not have to endure harsher convictions and longer sentences when the facts of the case better
defendants who commit crimes involving
defendants' inability to pay. Further exacerbating this problem is the fact that many defendants have no other economic choice but to satisfy
defender costs for services provided to a MDO challenging a hearing for
Defenders Association statethat making intoxication of the victim, which is an element of the underlying crime, a
Defenders Association, "Because there is no right to a jury trial in
Defenders of Wildlife and other environmental organizations
Defenders of Wildlife, in addition to a large group of other environmental organizations
defense allows a criminal defendant to
Defense Center, Environmental Information
Defense Committee for the Veterans Legal Institute
Defense Council, Northwest Coalition for
Defense Council, Physicians for Social
defense was reasonable and that they committed the offense in the heat of passion versus a more culpable state of mind. The proposed amendment to
defensible, valid, and reliable clinical skills exam at a reasonable cost
deferrals of lease payments or reduce districts
Deferred entry of judgment provisions apply only if all of the following
deferred maintenance backlog approaching $1 billion as well as
define administrative costs to include a definition of that term that already exists in the Health and Safety
define impasse and the procedures that follow
define the payment process. Is the payment for copying
defined by statute in California. Rather, California case law from more
defined out-of-network emergency utilization rate, and indicating that
defines marine managed areas, not ocean managed areas
defines other persons who qualify for mental health counseling
defining an appropriate measure of environmental and social benefit
definition of "executive officer," composes a tiny percentage of UC's
definition of an impacted schoolsite from 200
definition of the role of management
definitions and requirements, precludes participants
definitively to the hepatitis A vaccine
degree nursing programs
degreed professional counselors are licensed to practice independently in
degrees but are nonetheless qualified for supervisorial positions. CWDA
degrees in social work to promote into supervisorial positions
delay in the implementation of the law, due to the difficulty
delay or major inconvenience to the state
delay the closings of sales or increase the chance of sales agreements
delays in care not only worsen the patient's health
deleted from SB 1623 as amended May 14, 1998. However, the DOI
deleted from the bill, as well as the provision of funds
deleting the authorization. However, I am reserving these
delineated, one major problem with AB 263 is that the bill essentially
deliver hundreds of millions of dollars in annual consumer energy savings and
deliver numerous benefits to California, including a reduction in
delivered to the same type of facility
delivery platforms have provided tens of millions of dollars in direct restaurant
delivery system that is inefficient and wastes valuable ED resources
delivery system's capacity in order to meet future demand
Delta interests. These supporters
Delta solution
demanded before taxes are raised
demands, the entire continuum of long term care, including nursing
demonstrate compliance should help accomplish uniformity. They remain
demonstrate that alcohol-impaired driving continues to be a
demonstrate that the alleged violation has been remedied. (e) Any publisher that makes available for sale two or fewer textbooks in
demonstrate that those internal practices and procedures are
demonstrations are being done by law abiding citizens, it places law
denial of an life or disability agent's application
denial of care criteria should be disclosed to affected
denied the claim because it was not filed in a timely manner. BOE
denied. They
density level. Opponents also
Dental Board of California (DBC) to establish regulatory oversight and educational requirements for the use of oral conscious sedations in patients 13 years or older
Dental Board of California to modify licensure exams to move away from a high pressure
Denti-Cal providers, and this issue is not related to the creation of a separate board and should be addressed
dentists have long been recognized as chronic obstacles to both
dentists that are performing oral surgery
deny or refuse to renew a credential if the holder has engaged in
Department and will sunset on January 1, 2007
Department of California and the California State Commanders Veterans Council write
Department of Defense writes the following
Department of Finance (DOF) analysis indicates DOF
Department of Finance (DOF) was opposed to an earlier
Department of Finance (impending retraction, see above section
Department of Finance (letter addresses issues in an earlier version of the bill)
Department of Finance (letter dated see
Department of Finance (prior to most recent amendments which may remove opposition--no new analysis available)
Department of Finance (was opposed to the original text of the bill, and their position is now unknown. Author's office are in communication concerning DOF position)
Department of Finance [i] "Getting Down to Facts" was commissioned by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
Department of Finance AB 204 (NATION)
Department of Finance AB 984-Papan
Department of Finance contends that this language would
Department of Finance has an
Department of Finance is
Department of Finance is also
Department of Finance position is "Neutral
Department of Finance reports that while it concurs with the intent to address hunger problems in the state
Department of Finance states that it is not
Department of Finance was
Department of Justice is an important first step. Facebook terminates all
Department of Social Services and funded from private grants with an established budget of $1
Department of Technology may experience costs in considering whether to allow a state agency to install and operate a toll-free or non-toll free telephone line, but the analysis
departments and prosecutors as well as the state. Due to realignment of the prison population, increasing numbers of crime victims will rely on
departments are common practices among hospitals, and are
departments currently prepare
departments may provide Medi-Cal eligibility information to other
departments properly invoked the AWOL rule. If the rule is not properly
departments without sufficient resources or offsetting savings
departments, and that elimination of furloughs for special fund employees
depend on economic studies and forecasts that will ultimately be
dependency diseases, and injuries resulting from violence
dependency on oil from outside California. They also
dependent adults unable to speak for themselves
depending on how they will be defined by OSHPD. CHA notes there are over 60 AHRQ indicators focused on adult prevention
depending on their insurance provider
depending upon their insurance provider
deposit and distribution of proceeds, and requires the Department of Justice to report annually on forfeiture proceeds, pursuant to local
deprived of information about dangerous physicians through the inclusion of 'regulatory gag clauses' in civil settlement
deprived' the child of liberty? These changes will likely cause the statute to be found unconstitutionally vague
deputy director position and one additional position to provide
derailing the sale by the providers or devaluing the practice because of the cost of review and the uncertainty of the outcome
derived in this analysis. However, it is useful to talk
derives revenues from fuel tax dollars and boat registration fees
describes the limited nature of CEA coverage, may have been
description master available free of charge will not provide
description master, or for failure to post a notice, an
description of any economic profiling and associated
desensitize the offender to sexual issues
desert habitat. As a result, developers of California powerplants
Design Manual and the California MUTCD in developing local roadways not
design national assessments aligned to the Common Core ELA and mathematic
designate many lesbian and gay parents as 'de facto' rather
designated and non-LPS designated facilities. The California Medical
designated by those sites, are vague. There is no way to ensure that
designated SPAP, and thus would not be exempt from the Medicaid best price rule
designating the specific personnel or caseload types that may warrant arming
designed for public postsecondary instruction. (3) "Textbook" means a book that contains printed material and is
designed specifically
designed to cure this loophole
designed to determine whether or not a computer program
designed to ensure both the Administration and the Legislature can provide
designers and building officials
desirable changes contained in the bill. It gives the unions veto
desire a more uniform approach to the tax problems created by
desired by California Department of Education (CDE) and the districts. Indeed, it could be more
desired. I cannot sanction shifting these badly
Despite having the 5th largest economy in the nation, California continues to rank near the bottom of the
despite living and attending high school in California. This can be as
Despite our concerns, the UC
despite the bill's language stating that the Legislature intends to implement a CPP in a fashion that is respectful of the current emergency medical system and its providers
Despite the clarifying nature of AB 25, several law
Despite the potential benefits of this legislation, this new proposed program should be reviewed in the context of the annual budget process and other
Despite the state's legal responsibility
Despite the state′s legal responsibility
despite their central role in rising drug costs and shrinking pharmacy access. The sponsors
Despite these challenges, the Board of Supervisors
Despite this language, Southwest Airlines remains opposed to the new measure
detailed notice and that all 1,042 school districts and over 1,200
detailed to use as the sole basis for making any decisions
detailing 131 data breaches, which compromised the personal information
detailing progress toward the goal stated in subdivision (a). The department may
detailing the state's proposed use of the available funds had
detained the minor through threats or duress, than how exactly has he
detect and treat problems related to learning disabilities
detention without charge or trial into law for the first time in American
Deteriorating mental health and drug addictions are often associated with homelessness
deterioration of cemetery grounds" is too subjective to be
determination of value when it includes improvement bonds
determination program. It also promotes the flexibility that previous
determination shall be included in the two-year commitment. (Only one section 6604 would then be necessary, with no sunset.)
determination whether placing the defendant in a jail environment would
determinations by the court, $683,300
determine a parolee's risk of reoffending. This assessment takes into
determine how it will meet the targets
determine if these projects will result in new revenues for California or
determine on a case-by-case basis - using a very high standard
determine products to offer based on consumer demand, and that the state's current standard provides a sufficient choice of healthy snacks
determine that the active notification is necessary to ensure the public safety. Such an amendment also has the value of ensuring that
determine the number of hours a part-time employee would need to work to
determine these facts was not required as the court findings are
determine when a youth is sufficiently rehabilitated to warrant release, but county courts and probation officials establish and enforce
determine whether a substance will have an adverse effect
determine whether an individual is who he or she
determine whether they can afford to go beyond the 300% level
determined by a physician, they
determined by management
determined that Carillo's testimony that he was home with his father
determined whether to retry him. On October 28, 2008, the D.A. dismissed
determined, in any eminent domain proceeding "to acquire property subject
determined. Also, as it is unknown how many
determines that existing is safe
determining proper installation methods for specific housing types, such as apartments, townhouses, and mobile homes
determining the socioeconomic level for each teacher in the district." They
detract from the Department's responsibility to provide
detrimental to the provision of critical services we currently provide
devastating blow to our organization when the unintended consequences of that law led to the cancellation of the 24th year of the Southern
develop methods to target the enforcement resources of participating
develop." The ITAA also
developed and updated an inventory of the sources of greenhouse emissions within the state. It is unclear
developed by SMARTER Balanced will replace the existing STAR program. At
developed by vehicle manufacturers could be compromised if a
developers and contractors
developers of market-rate housing to include affordable units in their
developing a diagnostic impression
developing a fiscal management system. A similar
development and education program operated through a public and private
Development Department (EDD) that translates to expenditures well
development facilities
Development fees are necessary to pay for the services needed
development investments in our neighborhoods. He
development is void and unenforceable
Development of Court Skillz
development of much needed energy infrastructure." Southern California
development of young children, I also
development plans in order to determine eligibility
development projects
development purposes. CSAC
Development that they hope to address the concerns of existing CSOs
development, and it is important that these children be fitted
development, but at the same time provide the public infrastructure that
development, job creation, and trade. In light of TCA's significant mission, I
development, there is not likely to be any net growth in state tax
development,' the real purpose of the bill appears to be economic protectionism
development-is subject to the recovery bond costs. The determination must be consistent with a prior commission
developmental centers can be better invested in helping the 280,000
Developmental Disabilities Area Board 10 (in Los Angeles County) writes that it strongly
Developmental Disabilities System capacity to supply those needs in the community setting. It was recognized that currently there were not
developmental disabilities who have intensive health and nursing needs and could benefit from this option for a
developmental toxicant, almuminum, and residual MRC5
developmentally disabled individuals. The California Disability Services
developments from the dedicated rate component will give the munies a competitive advantage to "cherry pick" new
developments in adjoining PG&E territory. The bill has a more
device. However, a loophole exists that allows these offenders to receive
devices for the ailing eyes
dextromethorphan is the most widely used nonprescription cough
DFG to affirm such involvement occurred
DFG's land management should be broadened beyond hunter and anglers
DFG-the bill's sponsor-along with a number of hunting and fishing organizations
DFPI will likely need specialized staff with technical expertise in a rapidly evolving field
DGS Consolidated Reports for the contracting periods
DGS does not have a current estimated value of the property, but
DGS does not have an estimate of potential lease revenues, but
DGS is also
DHCS also
DHCS and the CPCA
DHCS Audits and Investigations Unit began aggressively
DHCS does not currently have standards in place
DHCS estimates the additional
DHCS stated it would need additional staff
DHCS states its support for developing a hospital provider fee, but is
DHCS, also in opposition
DHM is used in the NICU
DHS and supported by the Air Resources Board
DHS and the Department of Finance
DHS could prove the provider's failure to submit a
DHS has 2 primary outreach programs
DHS in response to a report by the California State Auditor
DHS to change three of the four teenage pregnancy prevention programs administered by the Office from a contract process to a grant process for fund disbursement
DHS to continuously appropriate funds to the Health Facilities Citation Penalty Account
DHS to establish the reimbursement rates required by the establishment of updated coding systems required for
diabetes-related comorbidities that are known to lead to premature death could be prevented
diagnosed condition causing intractable pain
diagnosed mental disorder that makes the person a danger to
diagnosis is placed on the label because a symptom can be just
diagnostic assessments or interventions. National statistics also
dialog of the working group and continue progress between law
Diastat is a valium that is injected rectally while a child is in the middle of a violent seizure, wherever the child may be. If this child is
dictates just how a large employer may construct their health care benefits
did not file
did not have the "ability to grow over the next eleven years, normal
did not personally care for, knowing full well that eventually when the case goes to court, the officer would likely be reinstated with full pay
did, we should use this opportunity to invest in and support our youth
Diego County Laboratory were to issue a false-negative or a
diesel emissions. In addition, opponents
differences between the bills could be eliminated
differences between the new edition and the prior edition. (2) For any new editions of textbooks, an estimate of how long the new
differences with other states should consider the impact of policies
different and has different needs. Opponents feel that decisions about
different from predatory adult sex offenders. Juvenile offenders-whose
different funding streams have separate administrative requirements
different groups
different issues and may therefore no longer be in
different lines of business must have different
different reporting requirements from those required under federal law, and that this will lead to confusion for students and additional costs
different requirements throughout California's jurisdictions and prefer a
different shooters. There was simply no evidence whatsoever that
different standard from restaurants and grocery stores
different subject within HFP program
different topic while on this committee's Suspense File
different types of health insurance. Opponents state
differentials to a select group of women workers. Women of color, who are
differently from other California appellations. Opponents
differently than other California appellations. Opponents
difficult for the CDE to administer and for school
difficult in the manner of ACA 10
difficult to enforce unless established in statute or regulation. CAEHA
difficult to prove their innocence and to get their names removed from
difficult, and could introduce legal disputes into the process
difficult. Additionally, some smaller units and chartered
difficulty and cost of providing information in the required format
difficulty meeting the existing 3% "participation goal" for
digital storage devices filled with unauthorized sound recordings, may
diligence in attempting to hire qualified state-employed clinicians. We
diligently working with various constituencies to
dilute the effect and intent of the PFA
dilute the funding spent on classroom instruction, thereby providing a
diminishes the value of a deceased celebrity will have a
diminution of individual privacy rights under California law while the state or state-designated entities are accessing federal stimulus funds
DIR, no later than January 1, 2014, to adopt regulations governing the working conditions of domestic work employees, as defined. The regulations were required to provide for all of the following: (a)
direct BPH operations legislatively by expressing a bias toward evidence
direct employees and
direct investment in R&D activities can stimulate a greater amount of activity, and can help create equally high, if not higher, numbers of R&D
Direct response insurance is sold through advertisements
direct the FAIR Plan incentive to new business, rather than
directed to annually adopt a statement of investment policy and to
directed to look at one specific statute: Insurance Code Section
directed to provide the Governor with a plan for integrating and incorporating homelessness prevention by July 1, 2002. In
direction from the Supreme Court since my earlier veto has been clear
directly associated with the cost to issue the permit
directly or indirectly
directly related to compensating victims, which is the purpose of the fund. This would also result in decreased
directly to the victims of an infraction. Victims are currently eligible
Director of Hospitality and Lodging, Restaurants Central/Cannery
Director" issue
director, is responsible for developing and sharing information
directories, which are a crucial tool for consumers choosing and using a
directors for both public and private
directors for both public and private schools
directs funding from criminal fines to be allocated between state and local crime labs
directs the DOJ to release, upon the request of a background
dis-enrolled for untimely payment
disabilities in leading more independent and productive lives
disabilities who meet specified criteria from the California High School Exit Examination (CAHSEE)
disabilities, and no effective visual treatment
disabilities, which may predispose to aggressive or violent behaviors
disabilities," the analysis required for the housing element
disability access requirements, believing it could lead to further single
disability benefits were intended
Disability discrimination and accommodation protections have covered employers with 5 or more employees since the FEHA was first enacted and there has never been a requirement to mediate those
disability or functional limitation
Disability Rights are opposed to the bill. Opponents cite the high costs of deploying AVVPAT technology, though, as
Disabled American Veterans to provide an allocation from this state to the American Battle Monuments Commission for construction of the American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial in Washington D
disadvantage to self-funded employer plans exempt from such
disadvantaged communities in unincorporated areas are facing
disadvantaged in court and consumes significant court resources
disadvantaging organizations that are working
disagreed with this interpretation of law. The State
disasters and only to official firefighters and peace officers
disbursement, and that ban on point-of-sale fees is not enforceable
discernable affect on the amount of violent crime in the state
disciplinary action for lawfully prescribing or
disciplinary action within that year, except in specified circumstances
disciplinary action. EMSAAC additionally
disciplinary probation during this same four-year period
disciplining employees
disclose any information or documentation regarding the
disclose individual profiles upon a provider's request
disclose to the purchaser consumer
disclosed. The author may wish to provide clarifying amendments
disclosed. The carriers also
disclosure of their alumni information should only take place
disclosures that may be necessary to place on the product
disclosures would consume over 20 seconds in a 30 second spot, even
discontinued in 1999 because of the previous mentioned
discourage employers from even contemplating the use of this method of payment, thereby denying employees a beneficial and useful method upon
discourage, if not prohibit, infill development
discovered thus far. In fact, California is already
discoveries do not follow a set timeline. Because SB 259 fails to
discredited by the medical community as lacking any evidence
discretion over the decision will likely result in the two-physician cap
discretion to appoint the appropriate individuals to
discretion to dismiss a conviction 'in the interests of justice.' Penal
discriminate based on sexual orientation, it would have no effect on
discriminated against because of their bona fide religious convictions
discriminated against in hotels, lodging establishments, eating
discriminated against LGBT youths, and could put practitioners at risk of professional and legal discipline for not reporting what they did not
discriminates against certain apartment owners in
discrimination where individuals and businesses are
discrimination, harassment and/or violence in the public school setting
discrimination. CDE
discrimination." They go on to state
discriminatory, and thus indicative of a problem
discuss sensitive topics such as child sexual abuse. Other more remote
Discussing the impact of Regulation CF and the justification for additional state legislation, Small Business California
discussion on areas of potential conflicts of interest
discussions are ongoing relative to latest amendments.)
discussions based on evidence, not speculation
discussions relating to implementation of the Act, including whether or not a driving only certificate is
disease management organizations' and their employees
disenfranchised by having to produce a document they may not
disenfranchising students who do not have the means to access these high
disincentive for dealerships to continue in this business and make it
disincentive for employees to return to work by creating the opportunity
disinfectants and sanitizers are harmless, and the US EPA has
disks that they
dismiss or suspend] between May 15 and September 15 is to ensure a
dismissal hearing in a small district could result in severe
dismissal or expungement. (2) Denial of a license includes denial of an unrestricted license
dismissal statutes . . . . Penal Code section 1203.4, which applies to
dismissed pursuant to Section 1203.4, 1203.4a, or 1203.41 of the Penal Code, or a comparable dismissal or expungement. An
disorder as a result of military service. Unemployment rates for veterans
Disorder at UCLA School of Medicine
disorder that makes it likely that he or she will engage in acts of sexual violence without appropriate treatment and custody
disorder, serious brain injuries, substance abuse, and learning
disorders are at risk for injuring themselves or others, the diagnosis and treatment of these individuals requires a
disorders more often seen by county mental health
Disorders of the University of the Pacific
disorders. They also indicate that a large number of firms and workers in
dispensaries are dangerous in any way, that access to medical marijuana
dispensaries increase crime in related locations. According to the CA
dispense to patients based on proprietary price lists managed by health
dispenser assist in choosing the circuitry for a hearing aid, but do not include testing or evaluating amplification results
dispensers from performing diagnostic tests when conducting
dispensing errors, that were mandated effective 2002, should
displacement of free workers. Several union representatives, however, have indicated they have no problem with the current
display on a per-school basis the 1999-2000 public school
disposition information to entities authorized to conduct criminal
disposition other than a conviction, including an arrest that resulted
dispositional alternative for juvenile offenders
dispositional hearing
disproportionate (particularly so given recent scientific research), racially discriminatory, and a violation of international law
disproportionate impact on small-group premiums because small group plans
disproportionate share of public health spending
disproportionate share of special needs children. They
disproportionate share of the state's uninsured patients, and that subjecting UC academic medical centers to additional
disproportionately affect local governments
disproportionately diverted into juvenile correctional facilities and waited to the adult criminal court system
disproportionately impacted by the employer mandate if their employees are
disproportionately on undocumented immigrants
dispute resolution system but
dispute the assessments was repealed, that it was the intent of the legislature to remove the right to remove the right to commence such an
disputes are brought to the legal system for
disputes concerning the denial of care
disputes would rest with the same agency - the BOE
disputing the presumption is almost impossible, therefore the mere filing
disqualify if it is more than five years old
disregard parole conditions (short of a new crime) without the risk of reconfinement. Maxing out effectively removes the incentive for the ward
disruption and restores the property to its original state once the project
dissertation research could be in direct conflict with the workload
dissuade districts from using the construction management approach
distances between hospital or trauma facilities and the range of geographic barriers for land-based transportation, access to air
distinction, and specifically requires that information regarding
distraction to drivers and because the bill does not address
distress. The Controller
distribution to school districts and county offices of education
District (as proposed to be amended)
District (EBMUD) and the Association of California Water Agencies (ACWA)
District 04/26/95
District 1 John McPartland
District 1 Robert M. Weygandt
District 2 Phil Serna
District 5 League of California Cities Tom Blalock
District and a long list of public health and conservation groups, who
District and others have successfully enacted such provisions as
District Association, raise concerns with the provisions of the bill that
district continues that it "must
District has taken numerous steps to improve its
District IX - California (ACOG) writes that all other research subjects are compensated for their time
district operated an average of nine schools
District PTAs and parents
District to receive two consecutive years of class
District's request for deferral of its lease payments
District, "poor children will lose under this measure. Most
District, California Association of Sanitation
District, California League of Conservation
District, Central Basin Municipal Water
District, Fresno Westside Mosquito Abatement
District, Kern Mosquito and Vector Control
District, Member, OUSD Task Force for the Education of African-American
District, Northwest Coalition for Alternatives
District, Orange County Sanitation District
District, sponsors
District, Upper San Gabriel Valley Municipal
District, Valley Center Municipal Water
District, West Basin Municipal Water District
district. This is because unless a counselor or librarian is teaching a
District/County Costs totaled $261,000 (5.8 percent) per
districts administer the High Risk Youth/First Time
districts already have fully credentialed teachers
districts and redevelopment agencies, and allow the Controller to
districts can propose a parcel tax to their community, they are
districts do not have firm financial information to use for their layoff
districts from providing the A-G curriculum
districts have an obligation to provide insulin administration and related services to eligible students who need the assistance, including
Districts have increasingly turned to parcel taxes in recent years as a
districts hiring relatives of board members, superintendents or
districts more accountable for student outcomes
districts that agree to hire fully credentialed
districts that provide electricity. Opponents have no issue
districts to implement than the current law
districts to litigate in order to dismiss a teacher that is
districts were rewarded for what they were already doing
districts' actual costs, I
districts, thus the League
disturbed foster children be incorporated as non-profit corporations
disturbing precedent as it would interfere and essentially control
diverse organizations that include housing advocates
diversion. Additionally, supporters
diversions of water but to technical reporting errors, too
divert additional funds away from patient care and encourage
divert additional platelet products to more than make up any
diverted from their core . . . functions . . . to do
diverted to inappropriate use
diverting vital resources away from efforts
divided into stages, in such a way that by separately considering each
Division I of the California Psychological Association
Division receives a continuing contract appropriation of $5 million each year (General Fund)
Division, Public: Health Nursing Program
Division. Opponents also
divulge specific enrollment data by various cost-sharing
DJI, a leading manufacturer of unmanned aircraft systems (UAS)
DMH for SVP evaluation. Of this number: 1,820 met the clinical evaluation
DMH's Sex Offender Commitment Program (SOCP). But DMH continues in its
DMH, both of whom must concur that the person has a diagnosed mental
DMHC also anticipates costs for platform and software licensing
DMHC anticipates additional workload
DMHC-regulated plans
DNA profiles, search for matches, link cold cases, prosecute offenders, and bring resolution to rape victims and prevent sexual assault crimes by
do business, unless they contract with an unlicensed
Do current regulations violate California statute? Because the California
do not carry any significant risk, and that the studies that
do not have SBE status
do not reliably indicate inappropriate prescribing
do. The bill is overly harsh on employers, and will damage
DOC consumer protection unit into a Patient Advocate
DOC's authority over HMOs. While opponents agree that
doctor's appointment on a quarterly basis. Moreover, 'supervisory' care
doctor's groups for administration. Insurers that pay
doctoral level mental health providers. The Association
doctoral programs, and how the new programs would differ from the Masters
doctors and deals
document fee will add to the already substantial cost of recording. In
documentation verifying payment from plans to hospitals
documents be made available to those employees upon
documents in perpetuity. Opponents also
documents in the same language as advertised-would force them to stop
documents lack guidance for a large number of designs that [have been
documents that are prepared, owned, used and retained by private entities
documents, relevant information about how to contact the DOC and start grievance procedures against the insurance plan
documents, the most recent financial statement and documents about special assessments and charges. Lenders
DoD is very appreciative of California's ongoing commitment and efforts
does not align with the original intent of the pilot program and
does not allow a taxpayer to access their records with one single logon
does not authorize shifting property tax revenues from these entities to
does not comply with his or her agreement and return the funds advanced
does not compromise the effectiveness of service nor violate
does not contain the underlying investigative reports
does not create a state reimbursable mandate. Section 17556(f)
does not currently provide a practical means for California and other
does not deal with this issue
does not improve compliance with the child
does not perfectly align the requirements
does not prohibit such hiring from increasing the part-time/full-time
does not provide for licensing fees sufficient
does not recognize that under [current law] district have always been
does not reference juvenile wards, it places the administration of the program under CDCR rather than BSCC, it makes no reference to programs
Does not reflect the bill in print
does not ultimately hire the individual. Even if the decision to hire is
dogs but is euthanizing many cats could enact a spay/neuter ordinance
dogs moving intrastate are very similar to dogs coming from outside as to public health risks
DOI additionally
DOI is supporting SB 482 in order to clarify and update the law regarding DOI examinations of insurers, and insurer reporting requirements. DOI
DOI strongly
doing enough to investigate and prosecute insurer
DOJ a list of prospective vendors, provide photo identification of vendors, prepare an event and security plan, and require all guns to be
DOJ anticipates needing to hire an unknown number of additional Deputy Attorneys General and legal
DOJ may need to hire additional attorneys and
DOJ, while acknowledging the problem of "misidentification of persons through questionable
dollar amount? The typical funeral currently costs
dollar felony theft should not receive probation
dollars ($500), and the beneficiary has given the provider proof of eligibility to receive the service or services, the provider shall issue
dollars through a hospital provider fee. This opportunity is embodied in
domestic abuse? How many phone calls per day from a significant other
Domestic Violence Service providers will be eligible for technical and financial
domestic violence victims. The domestic violence plan
domestic work employers are unnecessary and burdensome. Specifically, they
domestic work employers are unnecessary and burdensome. Specifically, they cite compliance with occupational and safety standards as a major
Domestic workers work in the homes of ill, elderly or disabled people
dominated by individuals with close working
donation of $100. But $60 must be transferred to the General Fund to
done so with respect to a number of highly dangerous activities, including natural gas leaks or discharges in marine waters
donor-advised funds or charitable or family trusts
door to enter/exit their vehicle. A camera may not capture this on tape, whereas a live officer would be able to visualize the entire scene when
door unlocking, which the GCLA's
dosages of the compound used by most food manufacturers to lung
DOSH also anticipates needing significant additional attorney and
double compensation for the entire "family holiday" even if only one hour
double the car tax for San Francisco and that California motorists
DOUBLE-REFERRAL: The Senate Rules Committee has also
doubt. The burden under this newly established administrative hearing
down of redevelopment agencies
down the number of pictures left, it is inexcusable that
dozens of execution dates will be set within the next 18
DPH adds that any person who violates these provisions
DPH also
DPH because additional expenditure authority is needed in the Program to continue the production of BabyBig
DPH estimates annual General Fund costs of $1 million for staffing resources
DPH estimates it will need approximately $1 million annually for three additional staff
DPH stopped surveying SNFs for the federal 96-hour fuel supply standard tied to NFPA requirements
DPH was unable to provide a cost estimate, but
DPR would have to review and evaluate data
Dr. Geraldine Washington, President, Los Angeles National
Dr. Hank Chambers, Medical Director, Children's
Dr. Jeff Bronstein, M.D., Ph.D., Director of Movement
Dr. Jerome Engel, Chief, Div. of Epilepsy and Clinical
Dr. Koleman Berkeley Community Health
Dr. Larry Bowers, Senior Managing Director, United States
Dr. Leon Owens, Director of the Trauma Care Program at
dramatic departure from traditional concepts of criminal
dramatic increase in the number of incidents of willful damage to its
dramatically boost their ability to raise money" through remote bingo, while clarifying existing law as to what constitutes bingo in California
drawn and otherwise duplicates existing law governing the crime of making
drawn into liability litigation upon an accident caused by the failure of the autonomous technology or its installation and that autonomous
DRC also
DRC urges your
dried bone and dermis has
drinking fluoridated water
drive up the cost of health care. It is unclear whether the most recent amendments, which narrow the bill's definition of "special food products," addresses the opposition's concern
drive up the cost of health care. Opponents
drivers and parking in surrounding neighborhoods or in nearby parking
drives with a 0.08% or above, will be rearrested and prosecuted as a
driving a listed family member to a doctor's appointment on a quarterly
dropped 14 percent
dropped, he can still be jailed for violating probation
dropping coverage for their children when they are healthy. For
DRPs, the provisions of the Auto Body Repair Consumer Bill of Rights, the growing use of "concierge" programs, and other
drug overdose epidemic has continued to worsen in the United
drug prices means less incentive for research and development
drug regimen
drug testing is technical and imperfect
drug unless it is lower than the net price the state would
drug use is "not so bad after all." The Campaign For
drugs for state departments and agencies
drugs, such as the possession of heroin, cocaine, and methamphetamine
drugs, synthetic marijuana is not tested for safety, and users don't
DSH anticipates costs of about $479,000 for two limited-term, full-time equivalent positions to conduct the analysis, plus contract costs for experts about conditional release programs in other
DSH for SVP evaluation (as of July, 2011). Of this number: 1,820 met the clinical evaluation requirement and were referred to district attorneys, 1,274 were found to have probable cause
DSS further
DSS would also incur staff workload costs to establish the advisory committee and designate an employee to provide ongoing
DTSC and other stakeholders to develop a program that is 'right-sized' for marine flares and we
dual enrollment can
due process or remedy for the firearm purchaser or impacted sellers. AB
due process rights for teachers based on one incident
Due to proposed amendments, opposition to the April 24, 2000, version not applicable
due to rising health care costs as one of their chief
due to the bill, more youth could be pressured into wrong life
Due to the continuous rise in hate crimes and antisemitic incidents across California and the United
due to the fixed funding relationship between fees and GF
Due to the late amendments, the Board of Accountancy has not
due to the multi-million dollar cost of increased state prison time
due to the stagnant nature of the housing market and the loss of development funds, there have been very limited opportunities for new
due to the State's current fiscal condition. The proposed
due to the statutory mandate for continuing education regarding
due to this lack of statutory authority to issue a summons, the Trusts and Estates Section of the State Bar (TEXCOM)
due to what they describe as costly and administrative compliance
duplicative and costly testing could force GWI out of business, and that in its 20-year history, GWI has had no
during 'evenings and off-days
during fiscal crises
during labor and delivery, must be approved by FDA that will
During my Administration, I have worked to revitalize career technical
during the notice period and under new ownership. CHA states
during the time the worker is waiting for a court hearing on the claim of exemption. The WCLP reports that the timing of court hearings following
duties. The list of mandated reporters generally includes individuals
duty and moral obligation to provide health care regardless of citizenship. ACOG also explains that failure to provide
DVBEs and
DVG America, Inc., states "Many, who have been breeding dogs in
DVU strongly
DWR in order to meet emergency repair needs on projects throughout the Central Valley
dyslexia and related disorders. However, the two issues are
e) AB 253 (Smyth) would have required the Controller, in collaboration
e) educate health consumers of their right to a certificate and facilitate the process of applying for a certificate of exemption from the requirement to
e) For a second felony violation of the California Desert
e) Increased reporting requirements
e) Lack of evidence that unscrupulous doctors are "selling fake medical exemptions
e) Local consumers, through their elected officials, should make the decisions about which stores they want in their communities. AB 667
e) makes homelessness a status that allows for disparate treatment under the law
e) makes homelessness a status that allows for disparate treatment under the law. A coalition including Disability Rights California
E) Mandate to seek payment: SB 112 requires that
e) One elected officer or chief administrative officer of a
e) Permit the use of existing utilization management tools
e) require people enrolled in coverage through the Exchange to be regarded as "members" to whom the Board and the staff owe a duty
e) The locations of surface water storage sites, such as reservoirs, are
e) The minor is not ineligible for probation pursuant to statute
e. Insurers would be prohibited from using
each bill, in the offer or renewal of homeowners
each child presents differently
each doctor visit, vaccine, and x-ray results in out-of-pocket costs
each hospital must be given the discretion to carefully
each of the many other county and state departments and agencies already
Each of these groups have specific issues they
each of these organizations
each year
each year thereafter
EAH, the sponsor of this resolution
Earlier versions of the bill were opposed by the municipal electric utilities (munies), including irrigation
early detection program to reduce cancer deaths among women
Early identification of developmental delays through screening is the first step to connecting children with
Early Learning and Care to work with the department and review how the state can best position itself to meet those requirements efficiently and effectively, including the delivery of any training
early timeline for proposing and adopting fee increases, disregards the relationship between state General Fund support and student fee levels
early trauma-informed interventions for school-aged children experiencing extreme traumatic events
earmarking funding for such an approach at a time when the colleges are
earned awards based on testing in the Spring of 2003
earned health care benefit. Additionally, the previous employer
earthquakes than non-Field Act constructed buildings and that any
ease compliance and implementation issues
ease overcrowding, will incentivize county jail inmates to participate in
easier for the government to obtain highly private information
easily take that chance because the individual's or small
easing of administrative problems in the system. The Chamber
East Bay Municipal Utilities District (EBMUD) (with suggested
easy way for the state to encourage private contributions to help food
ECHO also
ecological information
economic activity. Public transit is a vital public service and the millions of annual public transit riders in California should not be at
Due to this lack of statutory authority to issue a summons, the Trusts and Estates Section of the State Bar (TEXCOM)
Economic and Workforce Development Training and Development Director
Economic Development Manager
economic development, affordable housing and other such investments that
economic impacts. The league
economic obstacle to rehabilitation
Economic Workforce Development Training & Development Director, Butte
economy and is critically important to economic recovery. According to
Edison and Pacific Gas and Electric Company express similar concerns
Edison states, "Expanding the NEM program to include oversized projects and aggregation as proposed in this legislation is not necessary because
edition and previous editions of the textbook. (c) The lists required by subdivision (b) shall be made available to the prospective purchaser at the start of any sales interaction at a public
edition for the purpose of this section as Ions as there are no substantial changes
edition will remain in print or the previous edition print dates . (b) Each publisher, agent, or employee of a publisher of textbooks intended
edition will remain in print or the previous edition print dates. (3) Suggested retail price of all new textbooks. (c) Each campus bookstore in any public postsecondary education institution
editorial goes on to
EDP/telecommunications procurements. The DGS
education (CTE) programs throughout the state by increasing funding for
Education advocates also content there are several operational flaws with
education and experience
education and health resources to implement even a pilot such
education and promote hiring quotas for gays and lesbians
Education Committee on March 28, 2012 and the author agreed to
education costs, social, and rehabilitation services and income maintenance programs. NorCal
education course in the subjects of pain management and the treatment of terminally ill and dying patients
education funding to $4 million in 1997-98. The bill
education in other areas that are essential to the needs of specific physicians and patients. CMA
education programs by "de-linking the rehabilitation and corrections
education programs within the county
education programs, which are just one part of the state's
education services in its community and that resulted from unique
education support under Proposition 98
education system has not kept pace with rapid changes in digital
education to meet high school graduation requirements
education, and capital outlay. Although these expenditures
education-first approaches-such
educational agency is responsible for foster care pupils with special
educators and lawmakers about the topic
effect of increasing the cost of R&D inputs - primarily highly-skilled
effect of the recession is the amount of available venture capital has
effect on the testimony received, and consequently diminish the resultant
effect prior to this case
effect" because California produces roughly two billion board feet of timber annually, but consumes nearly seven billion board feet. The Sierra
effective energy efficiency improvements. It appears, given that the bill
effective interventions that proactively
effective or has fewer side effects based on the packaging or a publicly
effective provision of inmate health care services
effectively make a group of scientists accountable to no one
effectively screen the prison population, and establish
effectively sidestepping the plan's own provider network. CMA
effectively would eliminate the favorable tax treatment that
effectiveness in meeting the public's need for protection
effectiveness of the grand jury investigation
effects than marijuana. The Recovery California Coalition
effects] at her parole hearing, BPH uses it as a reason that she is
efficiencies and alternative revenues, it cannot cover the remaining gap
efficiency funds is to ensure those funds are only expended on cost
efficiency of air conditioners in California. Currently, air
efficiency programs on their own
efficiency savings for each municipal utility. The bill would
efficiency. Rather, it is a service to policyholders who might not
efficient by using systemwide rather than site-specific contracts
efficient than new ones or alternative heating appliances, the overriding
efficient way of identifying individuals applying for employment in a state
efficiently
effort to force the use of abuse-deterrent opioids by disallowing generic
effort was devoted to determining what the likely
effort, whether overt or veiled, to substantially weaken the statutory
Efforts already exist around the country to try and group together calls for conventions on different subjects to reach the two-thirds threshold of
efforts have tried to capture. It restores consumers' ability to access
efforts of the PUC, and is concerned about "codifying a new or different
efforts to protect the elderly from financial abuse, this
efforts. Maintaining a strong small business participation requirement
eggs, which is expected to increase. The ASRM guidelines, in an attempt to
EIG does not object to granting the AD the authority to raise fees above
eight years, school districts will be prevented from having
eighteen years of age). Blue Shield
EIR did not analyze the growth inducing impact high speed rail would have
either form active members whose pensionable pays were redesignated after the Alameda decision or from employers who
either online or by calling the Department of Social Services. No home care client has suffered due to the absence of a home care aide's home address and telephone on the registry
elder absuse." The opponents
elected officials and their staffs presumably have acquired
elected officials related to conflicts of interest as well as gift and contribution reporting requirements. In addition, current statute
election is bad for democracy. In these times, particularly, silencing
election, the provisions governing a certification election should also
elections and 83 districts passed them. Only seven of those districts
elections office, or at any polling place in their county on Election
electoral politics
electric school buses can also
electric vehicle advocacy groups
electricity rates by four to five percent, a range well within that
electricity to its members" and then imply that this benefit
electricity, to the annexed areas
electronic bingo for charitable purposes. This is a major policy matter
electronic formats, scientific and geospatial data
electronic monitoring
electronic timekeeping to submit paper time cards and electronic time
Electronic voting, which is currently authorized in 27 other
element revision as provided in the bill
elements, it is not prepared to do so at this time
eleven individual letters
Eleven individual members of the Loyal Order of Moose (LOOM)
Eleven individual members of the North Westwood Neighborhood Council
eligibility determination will prevent many newly unemployed households
eligibility for these programs in California
eligibility pursuant to this chapter and that provider has referred an
eligibility to entities not explicitly listed in statute
eligibility to improve public safety
eligibility to other individuals who may be permitted to participate in
eligibility, age, jurisdiction, or length of confinement" appears
eligibility. UC is also concerned that the bill will codify
Eligible children will have access to important case management services
eligible for supplemental instruction related to
eligible providers for initial treatment services
eligible. A significant proportion of county inmates and detainees are
eliminate a judge's discretion to determine whether those two offenders
eliminate an employer's potential federal liability and responsibility, but do not
eliminate its backlog of 'suspectless crime' DNA evidence so
eliminate the ability of a retired annuitant to continue providing
eliminate the conservation easement. That is, the bill in print states
eliminate the pilot project and make the exemption to the CPM permanent
eliminate the six day per calendar month
eliminated from plan review. PECG
eliminated in the 2002-03 Budget Act due to the State's
eliminated." In the real world - the one that is arguably growing hotter
eliminates this discretion
eliminating the existing $175 million line-item for
eliminating the fee for record sealing for youth under the age of twenty
elimination of the sunset date on the "low cost
elimination, increased deductibles and significant increases in rates
Elliot, who
elsewhere have stocked 50% of machine items with healthy foods, these
emergency department doctors
Emergency Medical Services Administrators' Association of California to establish trauma care regions in order to establish a statewide trauma care system
emerging port technologies
eminent domain proceedings "that will eliminate a conservation easement
emission credit trading programs to ensure compliance
emission reduction goals while encouraging locals to identify and undertake local GHG emissions reduction projects that maximize benefits
emissions to facilities that do not, by themselves, generate
emissions, ARB has adopted regulations to control idling of diesel
emphasis on air quality, public health and public safety and in studying and evaluating the feasibility and effectiveness of available and new
emphasize that jurisdiction over alcoholic beverage licensing has always
Empire Breastfeeding Coalition as guidelines for hospitals
employee and parent
employee compensation for every type of contract and factoring in all
employee is part-time, seasonal, or a new hire
way to characterize and criminalize conduct that is already
We also
We are pleased
we are proud
we do not
writes that it
Writing in opposition
a broad coalition of housing developers and nonprofit housing providers
A coalition of agricultural employers, including the Western Growers Association
A coalition of business interests
A coalition of employers
A coalition of environmental organizations write
A coalition of opponents
a long list of environmental
A number of organizations writing
ACCCA holds steadfast to the principle that local control is fundamental in establishing and operating sound programs for students and creating an infrastructure that
Additionally, Finance
Additionally, LHPC
Alliance for Children's Rights writes the following
Analysis prepared by Stacy Smith / aerca / 322-5249
and an apparent lack of any case law (either in California or other jurisdiction) that
and the California State Parks Foundation write
and this has the potential to significantly help improve the child's later development and independence while reducing the need for costly
and we strongly
Arguments in Opposition Alcohol Justice
Arguments in Opposition The Department of Finance
Arguments in Opposition The Western
California Catholic Conference-the staff office of the California Catholic Conference of Bishops and the official voice of the Catholic community in California's public policy arena
employee or no representation at all ... [AB 1220] will not be a
employee or volunteer with any person or organization where
employee organization may request that the parties' differences be
employee organizations to negotiate in good faith when there is the option of further processes under the PERB that will prolong
employee organizations to request factfinding if a mediator is unable
employee pension plan through CalSTRS or CalPERS. They note charter
employee privacy rights, it would also likely be found to be
employee relation scheme enacted just two years ago under SB
Employee Relations Board (ERB) and the Los Angeles County Employer
employee takes time. The lack of flexibility may cause staffing problems
employee travel expenses that were filed late. Finally, there is a
employee travel expenses that were filed late. Finally, there is a $1,297
employee with a history of disciplinary issues had appealed his dismissal
employee would have to be employed by the district before
employee's physical disability, the extent which is generally documented
Employees (AFSCME) cites the increased burden that has
employees and the state have not contributed to UCRP for almost 20 years. (AFSCME notes, however, that UCRS's funding level has declined significantly from 154% in 2000.)
employees as well as individuals in numerous other professions
employees as well as offer additional hours of work, as doing so will
employees for 50 weeks a year, firing them, then rehiring them
employees for additional time, but rather simply ensures that they have a
employees from being able to defend themselves adequately
employees from enjoying the exact same rights as other public employees
employees instead of unnecessary and wasteful privatization contracts
Employees International Union are strongly opposed to the bill
employees may elect to opt into public coverage. Further, the Chamber
employees may refuse to sign the required acknowledgement, thereby blocking the employer from implementing monitoring policies
employees must pay, based on a percentage of their wages, and to regulate
employees of home health agencies and hospices generally work part time
employees often make less than the employees who work for them. In fact, according to a recent survey, 43% of state supervisors and managers earn
employees on how the company will manage overtime. The overtime agreement was part of an overall package including
employees or that result in layoff of bargaining unit employees. These
employees to abandon the single-occupant car for travel modes that reduce
employees who are not actually providing any care to a covered family
employees' children may induce employers to drop dependent
Employees, AFL-CIO (prior version)
employees, and ensure that employers have implemented
employees, and others will drop coverage of the benefit
employees, or eliminate teacher tenure
Employees,AFL-CIO
employees. Last year, AB 544 (Lempert) reformed charter school
employees. Pacific Bell
employees. The bill would also require that these
Employer and insurer perspective. Employers and insurers have generally
employer does not need to allow the pharmacist the right of conscience where there is an "undue hardship" on the employer
employer exposure to untimely lawsuits, thereby raising the cost of doing
employer may construct their health care benefits package in order to
employer plans, each employer is treated as maintaining a separate
employer provides reimbursement to its employees for this federal tax, often referred to as a gross-up, California taxes this reimbursement as
employer type. Finally, Wal-Mart
employer, permanently putting the business out of operation at a given
employer," does not
Employer-Employee Relations Act] by mandating terms and conditions of employment processes and circumventing the CSU's
employer. Wal-Mart also
employers and employee organizations provided public comments on the issue and the majority of interested parties, both employer and labor
Employers and insurers are opposed to the bill, arguing that
employers and workers
Employers are opposed to the bill, arguing that the 104
employers are under a severe economic strain due to the recession and cannot afford to provide a higher minimum wage at this time
Employers at the maximum rate have less of an incentive to actively manage UI
employers by imposing a mandated benefit rather than giving employers
employers do not offer insurance is the excessive cost of health care
employers from benefit costs, even though they have violated
employers from combining health care insurance products to create a health
employers from legitimately inquiring into an applicant's employment
employers have abused their right to remove cases from distant locations, but that no examples of abuse have been put forward. Finally, they
employers in legal jeopardy in order to create a state-run program that
employers make similar arguments with respect to the related extension of 4850 benefits
employers over $9 billion, that insurer loss ratios are in the 30% range, and that it is simply unfair for injured workers, in particular those
employers to a greater risk of inadvertently violating the law or being
employers to multi-employer union trust funds are credited as health
employers to provide coverage, will discourage new businesses
employers to provide high-deductible plans to their workers. CBP states
employers to violate the law by charging fees. They
employers when there are good faith disagreements about medical care
employers with 10,000 or more employees to spend a specified
employers would be evidenced through potentially higher premiums
employers, and most do not choose to buy it. Another health
employers, and that coverage similar to the State employee
employers, and the School of Public Health of the University of California, Los Angeles, to create a complete
employers, particularly small businesses and industries that
employers, who are now offered such coverage, but have
employers. For example, at what point does marital fighting turn into
employment application, from one year or more, to 2, 3, or
employment declining, in California as well as in other
employment in clean technology and renewable energy businesses
employment of a retired annuitant, in many ways it is beneficial to the state or local agency, the employee and the taxpayer, and by eliminating
employment or licensure later in life. In some cases these individuals do
employment sense, in that it does not represent an exchange of wages for
employment taxes, fees, and penalties due from employers. The Labor
employment with the public employer and recommends allowing emergency
employment.... This addition to CANRA is consistent with the current list
Empowering interested students to provide valuable
empowering local agencies, including special districts, with the ability
Empowerment programs are unnecessary for the purposes of applying for the RATT funds, which is the purpose of the Fifth Extraordinary Session
Empowerment through Sustainable Solutions
EMT-I certification held by their own personnel creates a
EMTs in favor of public-sector EMTs, and suggests it would be
enabling BBC to do just that. To our knowledge, no other
enabling the San Francisco Police Department (SFPD) to exercise its
Enact Universal Healthcare for California have taken a
enact unnecessary laws, however, a court is likely to conclude that SB
enacted 2024-25 budget includes $37 million in ongoing
enacted 2025-26 budget includes $38 million in ongoing
enacted California's death penalty law made no provision
enacted Section 629.50 et seq. in 1995 "in order to expand California
enacting PC section 1203.044 is critical because the victims of these
enactment in California, therefore, will promote greater
enactment is premature
encompass almost all employees in the workforce and, therefore, will
encompass conduct outside the scope of the original legislative intent
encourage community investment. They
encourage continued illegal drug use. Increase the number of contaminated needles and syringes left in parks, beaches and other public areas
encourage creative mutually beneficial relationships between school
encourage employers to remain in the commercial market, that eligibility for coverage should be restricted to full
encourage lawsuits against local agencies from other agencies claiming
encourage more unlawful strikes, costing state and local governments
encourage other insurers to follow suit will end up
encourage private attorneys to "act as vigilantes" to file
encourage sales that will allow them to continue to employ Californians
encourage the 209 advocates to file more costly and confusing lawsuits
encouraged to implement mail-back programs and to promote
encourages continued illegal drug use, and makes it harder for
encourages growth in IHSS, it makes it unlikely that sales tax
encourages through a number of monetary and non-monetary incentives
encouraging greater compliance with the law by these
encouraging greater compliance with the law by these entities
encouraging the siting of new food outlets that can act as anchors for
endangered shark are ineffective because it is difficult and costly to
endangers students and campus employees. PECG
endorse the priority lien as a long-standing practice for collecting
endowments to mitigate adverse impacts caused by development
endure 120 days of CPUC inaction before they can make their filing
Energency Efficiency, Orange
Energy developers write
energy efficiency programs," and (2) the authority for the IOUs to submit budgets for the program, which are deemed
Energy Efficiency, Orange
Energy Producers and other industry groups that could benefit
energy savings targets for each municipal utility after an open
energy supplies
energy system in any of the governing documents of a common interest
enforcement activities. This is an important tool that cities across
enforcement activity is driven more by complaints against licensees in
enforcement agencies and organizations
enforcement agencies with inquiry capabilities to determine the prohibition status of a person of interest
enforcement agency has 45 days prior to notification of NRP release, then
enforcement and firearm statutes in California is increasing in
enforcement and hospitals towards the most appropriate and cost
Enforcement and Security Act of 2000, added a number of gun show
enforcement and the public in a precarious and possibly dangerous situation
enforcement authorities
enforcement could assist in these efforts if properly trained. There are
Enforcement efforts currently include roadside vehicle inspections and fleet audits for to test for excessive smoke and tampering with emissions
enforcement measures and staff are needed to ensure consistent enforcement
Enforcement Monitor of the CSLB to refine the regulation of home improvement contracts
enforcement of current anti-tampering and noise-level statutes for
enforcement of the existing consultation requirements on
enforcement officers identically to police officers, firefighters, and other emergency personnel who regularly engage in life-saving efforts. To
enforcement or county welfare departments, who in turn provide this
enforcement organizations are strongly opposed, and are seeking an
Enforcement Program Monitor, which found that MBC "is often
enforcement representatives and the National Transportation
enforcement resources. The carrying of exposed rifles and shotguns in
Enforcement Task Force is comprised of the Labor and Workforce
Enforcement Task Force works to ensure that California receives all
enforcement, SB 980 will provide clear guidelines on the preservation of evidence and standards for post-conviction testing. In the end, all
enforcement. The Alliance states, "The definition of commercial social
enforces the existing playground safety standards promulgated
engage in exclusive contracting. According to both parties, recent discussions have involved the potential for creating a
engage in fact-finding may delay rather than speed the conclusion of contract negotiations. Opponents state they are not aware of any abuses
engaged in discussions on how to draft language that reflects their basic
engaged in R&D activities may also benefit from the presence of firms
engaging in disruptive behavior in their interactions with nurses and
engaging with industry and federal officials
engine emissions or exceed any emission standards for those parts
engineered seafood
English for limited-English-proficient (LEP) students
English language skills particularly - can be taken advantage of by an
English or Spanish and that exceeds 1,000 residents but is less than or
English speakers to avoid the risk of violating this provision
enhance resources and mitigate the impact of the horrific cuts schools
enhance the chances for successful outcomes
Enhanced penalties for multiple convictions within a 7 year period
enhanced productivity and economic growth, and (ii) encourage taxpayers
enhancing the chances of a re-evaluation of any decision to deny or
enjoined in a civil action
enormous risk to the safety of Californians. I have
enough to address these significant concerns
enough to dispense with constitutional protections. There is
enroll more than 7 percent of their enrollment in
enrolled in Medicaid programs on the day of their release are less likely
enrolled in Medicare risk plans face the possibility of being
enrollee. Supporters are concerned the individuals making
enrollment adjustment for community colleges from a
enrollment to new participants, CalPERS
enrollments continue to grow
enslaved persons or descendants of a free Black person living in the United
ensure adequate fiscal control
ensure continuity of coverage
ensure increased ballot security and government accountability
ensure providers are held harmless
ensure pupil access to a rigorous curriculum that provides them with
ensure that children have access to school breakfasts
ensure that collection efforts against the patient by the third-party
ensure that electronic devices are disposed of in a safe and environmentally sensitive manner and (b) the enactment of SB 861 has
ensure that family members are protected from rent
ensure that he provides as much information to
ensure that licensed psychologists are sufficiently trained
ensure that new vehicles, equipment, and engines sold in California
ensure that results will be available to the provider within a
ensure the integrity
ensure the safety of all youth and staff, we
ensure their successful reintegration into society upon their release
ensures public investments
ensuring appropriate
ensuring frivolous or abusive claims are promptly addressed
ensuring medically appropriate, necessary care when physicians
ensuring more secure processing of payment
Ensuring that California
ensuring that they have a dedicated advocate
Ensuring the public can trust first responders and local public safety officials is crucial in keeping communities safe, especially during
ensuring their children receive
ensuring they can easily navigate their health plan's mental health coverage and receive
entered into a settlement agreement with Caltrans to leave state service and not seek or accept another position with the state. Because there is
entering litigation. If they win, BOE
entering our shelter. Without this ordinance, some people would have
enterprise and manufacturing zones, in California communities that are
enterprises, from gangs to organized crime, involved in prescription drug
entire hospital
entire State of California is also under several open
entities for these efforts
entities frequently subject to ARB regulation
entities in the
entities in the development of the plan
entities that to the knowledge of committee staff have not
entities to annually verify they are still operating
entities within a tax rate area shared in property tax revenue
entities. The opponents
entitled to compensation if the taking does not destroy the conditions of the easement. However, CCLT is uncomfortable with language that states
entitlement program, all eligible 11 and 12 year-olds
entitlement, we do not
entitlement-income thresholds for Medi-Cal. The governor
entity to review, revise, amend or reject any of the Bar's or the Board's
entity's jurisdiction. Parcel taxes do not have a cap. Parcel tax
entity, which would thereby render the conscience clause
entrance has begun to erode the public's confidence in the state's immunization requirements in general. The National
entry into the market, exit from the market, expansion, reduction of services and reduction of staffing, without
environment for immigrants. The California Catholic
environment without independent certification or grievance procedures
environment, disability coverage does not cover all employees working in
Environment, indicates that the "Los Angeles Port Community Advisory
environment. As a result, the Standards Board will have to conduct its
environmental and business organizations
Environmental and Economic Balance (CCEEB) , and a long list of industry groups whose members are regulated by ARB
Environmental and Economic Balance (CCEEB), and a long list of industry groups whose members are regulated by ARB
Environmental and housing advocates
environmental and public health organizations, there is no opposition
environmental and social effects
environmental cleanup projects to ensure that they can purchase this less
environmental groups Earthjustice
environmental groups were opposed. Unable to reverify at
environmental health organizations, who
environmental impacts associated with that route which the authority
environmental organizations and the Cities of Berkeley
environmentally friendly ways to handle human remains
EO directed the new committee to establish an advisory committee to explore and identify the use of nonstate funds to open and
Episcopal Diocese of County Citizens for the Prevention of Gun Violence
Equal Rights Advocates wrote
Equality California submits the following
Equality California, on behalf of a number of organizations advocating for and supporting LGBTQ+ students
Equality California, the sponsor of AB 245
equalization formula that is biased against K-8 school
equalization funding based on a post-SB 727 formula rewards
equalizing the penalty, the state and local governments would save
equally effective chemicals, will be too high
equally effective solution that should be recognized
equally important as early detection services in saving lives
equipment controlled by the provider. (b) It shall remain the responsibility of a Medi-Cal beneficiary to
equipment with a 10-year useful life, where as the State share of the project is being funded with 30-year General Obligation Bonds
equitable tax treatment between foreign nonqualified LLCs and all other
ER visits, 9 life-threatening, 58 hospitalizations, 13
eradication efforts, I am directing the Secretary of Food and Agriculture to redirect $4,000,000 from
Eric Garcetti writes
ERIC provides member
erosion of county funds for the CHIP program. CSAC and CHEAC
ERPA has an ongoing structural deficit and may not be an appropriate funding source
erratic, unsafe driving, coupled with various objective signs and symptoms of intoxication, such as the smell of alcohol on
erroneously approve a controlled game. In addition, there may be
errors, adverse drug reaction, and unnecessary
escalated. This year's $1,473 award represents just a quarter of the original Cal Grant B purchasing power, according to supporters
escape paying benefits. Allowing dental students to practice
escheated to the state means the state has custody of the property in
escheats, it is unreasonable for the business to receive
escrow management course, which is available to escrow companies at no
especially a plan that includes a peripheral canal
especially as it concerns GHGs
especially critical if an applicant has been disqualified from other
especially difficult for multiple college districts and small rural districts
especially during the COVID-19 pandemic. Cal-ACEP
especially in initial years of operation. Therefore
especially in light of the governor's budget proposal
especially in primary care: in 10 years
essential and necessary programs like education and health care is even
essential service and provide emergency transports to many trauma and cardiac patients without any form of health insurance
essential that law enforcement is able to share information such as
essential to a determination of guilt or innocence
essential. It ensures that known and suspected abuse of elders and dependent adults is immediately reported to law enforcement. The measure
essentially complete the goal of AB 1705 by re-enacting the restitution and probation provisions that were inadvertently allowed to sunset. Re
essentially defined that term for HMOs and other plans
essentially duplicative of currently funded programs that assist with the recruitment and retention of teachers. Furthermore, the 2007 Budget Act
essentially eliminates a person's right to confront the witnesses against
essentially obsolete. They
essentially prohibit annual and lifetime benefit caps
essentially providing a hiring preference for the unemployed with state contractors
essentially the same language on excessive
Essentially, AB 1184 could have the unintended consequence of enacting a
establish a separate bargaining unit
establish a separate system just for one class of employees (firefighters)
establish a supplemental retirement program for correctional peace
establish local rules for resolving an impasse. They
establish policies for providing free and/or discounted care
establish proof of an alien's legal presence in this
establish specific criteria for eligibility for the modernization program and, among other things, require community college districts to provide twenty
establish standards for preparing teachers to teach in career pathway
established between the intent of the defendant and the student status of the victim or the school related location of the crime
established by Medicare
established by SB 284
established could continue to serve their patients at that facility
established in 2001. Most recently, DGS reported that in 2008-09, the state achieved its small business target by awarding $2.5 billion (26.9%)
established in the design-build project selection should be at a level in
established MCL. The opposition also suggests that there should
established peer review groups would also be subject to the bill's
established the current law and SDE guidelines requiring
established the Laura's Kaw demonstration program, including the program structure, eligibility criteria, and rights of individuals to appeal decisions
established these separate affiliations. The sponsor
established to force nursing homes to comply with regulations
Establishes a base compensation package for self-determination program
establishes because the sophisticated anti-theft systems
establishes onerous data management standards for government and business. The coalition
establishes these activities as part of a criminal street enterprise
establishes timelines for health insurer decisions to approve, modify or deny treatment requests
establishing a price at the actual adoption process, rather
establishing AAs would lower healthcare costs and increase access for
Establishing and operating a registry system
Establishing Lunar New Year Day would
establishing that the bill proposes a rule consistent with those states
Establishing the Association of Cooperative Labor Contractors will provide the necessary technical
establishing the source or amount of funding
Establishment of a respectful right of conscience
establishment, including a gaming facility, after being asked to leave is
establishments, or public transportation by being required to pay an extra
estate recovery through appropriate estate planning, so estate recovery
Estate SB 392 (Judiciary Committee) Planning
Estates, Rosemead, San Bernardino, San Gabriel, Santa
Estates, San Bernardino, San Bernardino, San Diego, San
estimate assessment for this project. Additionally, the January 1, 2012 timeline is a factor that limits a meaningful assessment of this
estimate substantially greater than the cost estimate provided by this
estimated to cost between $500 million to $1 billion
estimates represented in this range are based on the experiences different
estimates that, without new resources, it faces a significant budget gap
ethnically diverse composition
evaluate a patient's condition if the psychologist has spent
evaluate the feasibility of the economic development
evaluated by two practicing psychologists or psychiatrists, or by one
evaluates the injured employee, reviews records, and renders an opinion
evaluating the issues surrounding the security of LAX. As an appointed
evaluation decline to renew coverage (SB 64)
evaluation of the massage profession undertaken by the Joint
evaluation performed by audiologists by allowing a dispenser
evaluation that the pilot has received, PAI urges that the bill be amended to
evaluation without fearing the threat of litigation
evaluation, rather than a purely financial fair market value evaluation, enables local governments to determine the land use plan that best fits
evaluation. Of this number: 1,596 met the clinical evaluation requirement and were referred to district attorneys, 1,030 were found to have
evaluation. To determine whether an inmate is a SVP, the inmate is
evaluations of prospective jurists
even a few lives can be saved, we think the program expansion
even for Medi-Cal clients. Further
Even if SB 447 sunsets for medical malpractice
even if the claim is incomplete
even if the voters in those smaller counties did not
even in plans and policies explicitly designed to offer less generous coverage to keep premiums low
even in plans and policies explicitly designed to offer lower premiums and less generous coverage
even minor differences in income can make dramatic differences
even more likely to be true in the future. To deny sex offenders the opportunity to find employment is short-sighted, bad public policy and vindictive
Even more troublesome is that a probation hold is a no-bail
even one that piggybacks on a comparable federal credit
Even other
even tell Morales's attorneys that there would be no hearing, simply denying his clemency petition without ever responding
even though he/she worked longer hours and provided greater benefit to PMSA
Even though the Long-Term Care Ombudsman Program and other programs working under the AAAs and ADRCs
Even though the resolution
even though there was no change in legal immigrants
events. The consequence of these "cautious" plans has been that the CEA
eventually found to be SVPs, this provision gives those
every 2,249 pupils in 2008-09
every conceivable form of human misbehavior
every day due to too few conservation easements - a taking may
every five years and develop various information on
every health care practitioner who prescribes
Every lawyer has a professional responsibility to
Every month for age birth-1, every 6 months for ages
Every student deserves connectedness and
every used car be labeled with a "reasonable market value" representing
every year since 1992, the year California entered the recent
everyone. They cite that the form developed by DPH for owners to
Evidence A court has broad power to determine
evidence also exists
evidence at a later stage in the criminal case can guard against overcharging and mischarging and thereby reduce unjust outcomes
Evidence does not
evidence existing from trial proceedings showing that he individual
evidence keeps mounting around the effectiveness of these policies in the United
evidence of criminal conduct has been shown in the affidavit
Evidence of delays are cited by Los Angeles County Assessor Jeffrey Prang, as published in the Los Angeles Daily News where he
evidence opposing the decision to re-sentence. Nor does this
evidence Rocha has met his burden of proving by a preponderance of the evidence that he did not commit the crimes of murder and attempted murder
evidence testing resources and examining evidence from those cases may be
evidence that such actions have ever resulted in the attraction of additional health care professionals to relocate
evidence the person was DUI. Typically, this evidence is
Evidence, the associate director of the American Civil
evidence, when a blood test could have confirmed intoxication....Taxpayers
evidenced by the July 3, 2001, amendments in the bill
evidentiary rules in juvenile proceedings allow in evidence that would be
evolved to increase revenues available for charitable purposes. SB 1369
evolving world events and scientific discoveries
exacerbate the industry's financial difficulties. They also
exact fiscal impact on the State Water Board will depend on how much investigative
examination and licensure fees will not be sufficient to provide the necessary funding for a separate bureau
examination covers radiation safety related to fluoroscopy equipment operation as
examinations to "financial" issues
example cited is Playa Vista Community Services, a CSO that
example of waste, fraud, and abuse in government and has been featured
example, 30 days) after an application is received
example, a range of return on surplus that would
example, if a taxpayer making $100,000 annually makes a $100 charitable
example, if an individual is accused of entering skid row
example, if coverage is dropped (or cancelled for nonpayment of premium), a parent could not reapply until the lock-out period concludes
example, if someone is serving three months in jail and their license has
example, in which the identity of the perpetrator is known
example, the suspect later seeks employment in a daycare center or
example, what about a physician that engages in egregious behavior
Examples include local governments claiming for full investigative costs
Examples of included foreign employees
exams for victims of sexual assault, and that these exams
exceed that amount
exceed the 25% overall annual California certified small business
exceeding two million students. Moreover, the bill's provisions
exceeds the estimated reasonable cost of providing the service for which
except for this population. ACOG
exceptional efforts, is it appropriate or desirable for such a state
exceptions are widely believed to include building permit fees, provided
exceptions should be made for vehicles driven limited miles annually
excess of growth allocations. Under the Chancellor's
excessive health care costs for emergency services provided to inmates
excessive in relation to the conduct involved. The committee
excessive revenue from prescriptions filled at affiliated pharmacies
excessive supply in the hands of patients and thus create
exchange state LIHTCs for federal LIHTCs
exclude issues related to interpreters for the deaf and hearing-impaired and does not address many other issues
excluded from the budget trailer bill
excluded from the right to be represented by an employee organization
excluded in adult court, where due process concerns are respected as
exclusively on managed care, or (c) to the elected
excuse a convict from the punishment of a prison sentence
excused absence adjustments (pre-SB 727). However, the governor vetoed the half of the funding that was scheduled to
executive compensation and tuition. For example, the pay for UC's Senior
executive order imposes duties that are necessary to
Executive Order that finds that the parts do not increase motorcycle
executive order was enacted or adopted before or after the date on which the ballot measure was approved by the voters
executives who work under an employment contract
exempt as a profit making venture. This practice was a blatant violation
exempt certain felonies from triggering application of the law. SB
exempt from FEHA. Opponents also object to providing
exempt from fiscal penalties were only required to meet
exempt from the assessor's determination of assessed value, when an existing conventional loan is included in the purchase
exempt status for state-chartered credit unions, these
exempted and allowed to continue this fee either permanently or
exempted from the AB 2616, Page requirements of the SI Law, either because they were
exempting charter cities and the University of California for
exempting the plans, there is no certainty that the impacts of these plans
exemption EAs operating as PFs without a license would not be required
exemption for 30 year old cars should be restored. They also
exemption from the existing law, these products will be pulled from the market
exemption is shortsighted and could place the state in a
exemption on income the homeowner never realizes is sound public policy and will allow struggling homeowners to get back on their feet and continue generating economic activity
exemption paperwork with the AG. Supporters
exemption to beer, which would increase the General Fund cost
exemption to two years, failing to require students to
exemption." NAPWDA continues, "Nearly all working dogs were once
exemptions for a small percentage of carriers while continuing to
exemptions for small businesses and other specified entities
exercise a knowledgeable choice and buy products that protect both their
exercise its powers to conduct the business of banking. They also oppose
exercise their discretion to dismiss a conviction 'in the interests of justice.' However, there is no parallel provision in Penal Code section
exercising their rights," the open carrying of firearms intimidates the public, wastes law enforcement resources, and creates opportunities for
exhaust systems that comply with RSA 266:59-a are available from a number
exhaust their supply of printed forms, AB 3269 delayed the effective date for the new forms until October 1, 19954
exhibitions currently exhibiting specimens as long as those exhibitions
exist for the permanent, clean up of methamphetamine labs
existing accredited professional training program similar to that in
existing After School Learning and Safe Neighborhoods
Existing barriers for refund remedies, including the detailed description of fee violations required in the pre-suit by the Government
existing criminal sanctions for violations of Section 1090 are
existing debts and commitments stemming from previous
existing demand. In addition, they note a 1997 National Health
existing employees, and the CalWORKs Program, which helps unemployed poor
existing hospital as of January 1, 2016. ACHD notes as a rural critical
existing investment practices - yet goes further in
existing license programs
existing limit on the value of CIGA
existing local juvenile facility regulations adequately regulate the use and conditions of solitary confinement in local juvenile facilities
existing means to resolve licensing disputes through contractual
existing personal property lien statutes were
existing practices. For example, the Air Resources
existing Proposition 98 allocations
existing statewide funds for local treatment efforts
existing tools to provide economic development
existing universal service programs. (The PUC has estimated that migration to ViOP could cause these programs, by 2008, to lose between $183 million and $407 million.) The author and supporters
exists for the expanded authority for referrals under this
exists in the Health and Safety Code. While neither
exists in the proposed statute. While employment action would be
expand direct employment at the UC for lower wage workers. As the UC prides itself on being an agent of social mobility for students
expand the district's regulatory authority, or at least to
expand the requirement to apply to far more regulations, including many
expanded. Restrictions on the use of eavesdropping
expanding asset forfeiture laws
expanding climate-smart farming practices
expanding funding to cover drug treatment services
expands and simplifies the list of items to be excluded from the assets test
expansion better reserved for the its designated Joint
expansion of biotechnology-related manufacturing in
expansion of private, for-profit gambling in California that
expansion of the Bay Area's ferry system will necessitate adequate
expansion of the current law, which requires providing documents in the same language as advertised-would force them to stop marketing to non
expansion, or result in termination for non-compliance
expect favors. In light of the scandals of the recent past, SEIU
expectation' of their privacy" that will never be lifted, even when that person is exonerated of the crime for which
expectations of the parties would be in a given situation
expected to surpass the illicit trade in guns and narcotics within ten years
expecting payment in 2003-04 would accrue, as would savings
expedite rape kit processing and reduce or eliminate backlogs, preserve
Expediting review of CEQA causes of action does not necessarily lead to a faster resolution of the entire case, as non-CEQA causes of actions are frequently brought together with CEQA
expediting their license applications will directly and positively impact their transition and hasten their ability to earn an income and
expenditures and employees allocated among four major
expenditures based on any condition uses of monies obtained in
expenditures for the day-to-day operation of the instructional program for five- to eighteen-year-old
expenditures subject to appropriation, could lead to their use
expenditures, and to categorize employees on a quarterly basis rather than
expenses associated with adding workers compensation presumptions
expenses until they are assured they have cleared the good cause
expensive direct access power. The measure will provide significant cost
expensive for the residents. WMA
expensive to the patient in order for the claim to be made
experience for EBT customers and so does the rhetoric that drives these
experience or the educational background to render disability determinations
experience with fee collection. Is additional time
experience, for short-term or temporary staffing needs, for special
experience, the guidelines and standards called for in the bill are often
experiences a savings as the retirement allowance and related benefits
experiences that foster their movement through the existing cumbersome
experiencing or at risk of homelessness
experiencing severe financial hardships. These organizations agree it is
experiencing trouble being paid because of enrollments
experimental treatment if the patient's physician determined
experimentation process in the case of traffic control devices, or are
expertise and cares for a high proportion of chronically or
expertise regarding the organizational structure and operations of school districts for example, nevertheless, the code review responsibility has been vested with these boards
experts with the pertinent education, training, and expertise to evaluate the specific standard of care issues, is adequate. CAOC strongly
experts, or conducting a vigorous motion practice. In addition, relaxed
expiration ($14,868)
expiration date indefinitely to ensure the continuation of our efforts to
expire as of 1/1/2001, and that ACLHIC became aware of this sunset after
expiring program in the 2002-03 Budget Act was necessary to
explain the need to do so. "There may be circumstances where a
exploitation of women
exploring cost-free tuition is a natural next step
explosion of bid award protests and lawsuits over whether a
expose the employer to litigation and statutory penalties
exposes the State of California to moral, if not legal, culpability for injuries to patients who receive counterfeit and adulterated drugs. Furthermore, opponents
exposure controls/personal protection
exposure to hazardous substances. BioCom states, "There has been no
express concerns over restrictive regulations, feeling
express their moral opposition to same sex marriage and
expressed by the California Chamber of Commerce and the Western States Petroleum Association
expressed by their approval of Proposition 22. In addition, opponents write: "Federally funded programs, employee health
expressed concern regarding the logistics and funding required to manage
expressed concern that the bill would "unnecessarily
expressed its opposition in the Health Committee hearing
expressed opposition related to training components of the bill. Those
expressed opposition to AB 2414, because "it requires
expressed opposition to the bill's provision requiring
expressed similar concerns
expressed their
expressed verbally to the office)
expresses
expresses several concerns: First, reduction of the probation
expressing concerns about increasing length of stay and overcrowding
expressing concerns about reimbursement for the tests from uninsured patients and the operational challenges posed by seeking consent for the test
Expressing strong
expressing their continued commitment to work with their neighbors, the Legislature and CSC, they remain concerned that this measure provides a
Expressing this concern, the League of California Community Foundations
Expressing this position, the Silicon Valley community Foundation
expression in books, television, movies, etc. The MPAA
expressly prohibited from using these designs in the case of matters of roadway design. Many of these designs are well-tested in other
expulsion appeals, nor their staffs at the county offices of education possess expertise in this specialized subject area
extend or expand the pilot project, if it proves to be successful
extend that instead of AB 155, the Legislature should consider expanding
extended the deadline for the claimant to file for a tax refund. BOE
extended the sunset of Laura's Law from 2008 to 2013 and required DMH to
extended, these products will be discontinued in the California market until an
extending benefits the additional 52 weeks from 104 to 156. In addition, opponents
Extending suffrage to California citizens serving a prison term is a moral imperative, sound public policy, and essential to achieving an inclusive democracy... There are
extending the sunset date of the pilot and opening it up more broadly
extending the time an inactive voter must remain in the voter database
extending to his or her dependents, but declined the coverage
extension can be enacted and effective in 2002
extension could impact the General Fund until child
extension is available to few public safety officers. Thus, in the case
extension of existing Education Code provisions that prohibit
extension of financial protections is a necessary measure
extension will build on the priorities of the association, which include
External funding
extract settlements
extraordinarily harsh to also give the claimant the advantage of increasing the amount determined to be owed to include
extraordinary remedy by allowing them to record liens
extrapolate from these numbers, there has been significant improvement
extremely confusing
eyewitnesses had recanted. The judge found that the five witnesses
eyewitnesses had recanted. The judge found that the five witnesses who
f) $15,615 to the Department of Transportation to reimburse a revolving
f) Clarify the start date of the new benefit
F) Fiscal intermediary: SB 92 allows MRMIB to use the state fiscal intermediary to process payments while SB
f) For falsifying vehicle emissions reports, from up to 5
f) Minimization of the likelihood and seriousness of vaccine-related injury
f) Potential forfeiture of water rights for failure to pay fees
f) require people enrolled in coverage through the Exchange to pay their share of premiums to the Board rather than to the carrier
f) require the Exchange to ensure that all activities and functions of the exchange are pursued in a linguistically and culturally appropriate manner
f) SB 1264 (Vargas) expands the list of mandated reporters to include
f) SB 1517 (Polanco), 2001-2002, would have amended three strikes to
f) Two public members who are not peace officers
f) Well operators cannot rely on well log confidentiality as part of their well security plans when the exact locations of many wells are
f. Insurers could only non-renew based upon
face a shortage of emergency department access in all areas, except the west side, of the county
face legal problems. Moreover, the fair resolution of conflicts through the legal system offers financial and economic benefits by reducing the need for many
face such problems, and has passed a local breed-specific spay/neuter
Facebook is more proactive In this regard than many sites and we invest
Facebook. That is why we have consistently supported bills that
faced by a college district. The League
faces the possibility of a large financial penalty under existing law. On
facilitate fraud: an applicant may check his or her own
facilitate the further development and effective implementation of the high
facilitates the resale or exchange of
facilitating economic opportunity at no cost to the state. Supporters, including many local governments
Facilitating the collection of voluntary financial
facilites regulatory enforcement. CAHF
facilities for the developmentally disabled work, but are
facilities in California have no means to accommodate juries. They have
facilities may be more at risk of contracting infections of this nature
facilities modernization program, to be funded from
facilities operated by the Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation, Division of Juvenile Justice
Facilities proposing to serve severely emotionally
facilities that provide pregnancy-related care to inform clients that
facilities while accepting cash for not parking in the company parking lot
facilities will be accountable on the same level as a health facility
facilities) also writes
facilities, equipment, and staff. If, for example, the San
facilities, must be adequately resourced. CAHF also
facilities, operators fear their facilities will lose the "home-like setting" they have fought to preserve. Facility
facilities. The federal Public Charter School Grant program does not
facilities. They
facilities. They also
facility will reach its capacity by 2014 - just three years after it is
facility. That bill passed the Assembly by unanimous vote and is awaiting
facing the state
fact they may be
fact, I have submitted briefs in my capacities as both Governor and Attorney General strongly urging the courts to adopt such an interpretation
factfinder and not the judge unilaterally
factor apportionment results in significant revenue loss and could lead to gaming of the system. Additionally, the single
factors considered as part of the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation's (CDCR) inmate and ward classification and housing
factors in their rate plan filings." PIF suggests that this will
factors that created the growing problem of the uninsured in
factors, and sent the case back to the WCAB to make sure that medical
FACTS (Families SB 1642 (Romero) PageB Against California's Three Strikes)
facts are required to support apportionment, they
facts concerning the financial condition of insurers
facts supported the apportionment
Faculty groups remain opposed to the bill. The Faculty
faculty reassesses admissions criteria regularly to adapt to
faculty support, and increasing the full-time/part-time faculty ratio
failed passage in
failed passage in Assembly Local Government Committee
failed to pass any of the three bills that encompassed
failed to pass the Legislature in prior years because they
fails to provide adequate information regarding air quality violations and inconsistently imposes penalties for violation
fails to provide appropriate safeguards to help ensure that consumers
Failure by an employer to ensure that a financial institution complies
failure to provide information about an annual safety plan, the monthly
failure to state a claim
fair balance between employer fees and employee contributions. CLF also
fair, standardized and equitable process
fairly and that misconduct is not sanctioned or sidestepped. Without
fairness argument, noting that other providers who are no better trained in
faith dispute. Generally, the homeowner has usually made
faith disputes. They
fall under the 10-year ban
fall victim to predatory adults, many of whom have ties to criminal
fallen dramatically, leading to widespread layoffs and deep cuts to
falls entirely on employers, and that unless streamlining
falls under the immigration issues currently being debated at the federal
False guarantees, exaggerated
false information on their websites regarding hospital costs and quality
false-positive test result on a disease, such as Avian flu, the impact on California export markets would be huge
familial care or associated with someone who provides familial care. Such
familial status unfairly subjects them to costly litigation
families and our firefighters from harmful chemical exposure
families might be used to change the structure of health
Families need this
families were struggling to navigate multiple systems to secure care and
families while inside the prison
Families with a child or and adult with a Developmental Disability have had
families, counties may already use their CalWORKs
family and their
family by preventing men from coaching their own children in
family expansion
family holidays". They
family medical leave and this combined with a potential leave for
family members
family members of HCBA Waiver recipients
Family visitation is not just a compassionate policy-it is a proven public safety strategy that
Family Wellness program will provide the necessary counseling and
far as we know, they are the largest institutional
fare evasion ordinance. SB 1320 would add AC Transit to existing
FARE strongly
fare system. Riders that board AC Transit buses use cash, prepaid monthly
Farm Bureau also
Farm Bureau indicates that it has concerns over the proposed prohibition on hemp to be included in smokable flower
Farm Bureau indicates that it has concerns over the proposed prohibition on hemp to be included in smokeable flower
Farm Bureau is pleased
FASD Network of Southern California writes that it
fatal accident, in and of itself, is not probable cause to
Fatheros Rights and Equality SB 384 (Haynes) Exchange
favorable consideration to Val Verde Unified School
favorable for selling real estate, the request-for-proposal for the sale
favorable treatment to liens that would secure a claimant's deferred
FDA stated "our initial review
Fe Springs, Seal Beach, South El Monte, South Gate, South Pasadena, Temple City, Torrance, Walnut, Whittier
fears that much of the cost-saving medical reforms could be rolled back
feasible alternatives "is fundamentally flawed from the scientific perspective, fails to consider the current
features is on the Senate Floor
features of the bill
February 14, 2023, version of the bill
February 2009. [2] "Do Enterprise Zones Create Jobs?" by David Neumark and Jed Kolko
FEBRUARY 23, 2007 An act to add Section 66406.7 to the Education Code, relating to public
federal approval to expand the scope of the school Medi-Cal billing
Federal Communications Commission, Second Report and Order, Declaratory Ruling, and Second Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking , para. 52, FCC 05-55, Released March 18, 2005
federal court found in favor of the United
federal dollars for housing makes local housing trust funds more
federal Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) registration
federal funds as MDIC funding is not eligible for VOCA
federal funds to design assessments in ELA and mathematics in grades
federal funds)
federal government has vast enforcement powers and has a long track record of punishing criminals who break the law and NPA
federal guidance, and protects consumers by assuring that employer coverage
federal law allows states to set higher standards
federal law changes in the future. CWDA
Federal law requires states to have procedures in place
Federal law requires the school district to set aside its Title I basic
federal law. CCIR
federal law. SB 1124 was vetoed by the Governor, who stated "allowing
federal law." "Eliminating the implied right to future benefits for new
federal LIHTCs. To use the state tax credit, TCAC carries out exchanges
Federal Medicaid law allows an alternative, permitting
Federal NIH funds are UC's single most important source
Federal Receiver appointed by the Court in Marciano Plata
federal regulations in this regard
federal regulations regarding geographic brand names, which
federal regulations. Once the federal rule making is
Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, July, 2010
federal resources
federal student loans
Federal TANF law establishes a maintenance of effort (MOE) requirement for each state, equal to 75% or 80%, depending on state performance factors. The FY 01-02
federal tax rate, the California 20% penalty tax amounts to 200% of the top California tax rate for residents other than millionaires
federal-chartered status. They
federally qualified state-maintained long-term care plans in the future, such as same-sex spouses and registered domestic partners. After recent
federally-chartered credit unions are considered
Federation is now neutral on the bill
Federation of California a number of individuals
Federation of Teachers have removed their opposition and are now neutral on the bill
fee changes will require a statutory change
fee increases approved by the regents and trustees in November 2010
fee may need to be increased to generate sufficient revenues
fee of $85, provide local law enforcement a list of entities that have
feel is sufficient to effectively achieve the goals
fees
fees as a threat to encourage settlement. We
fees charged by the AG to state agencies is currently about
fees proposed as a result of this exemption should be approved by a
fees provisions designed to intimidate those who would dare challenge the legality of WRD's fees. Opponents
fees. According to the FWC, the proposal is inequitable since over 3,000
felonies and
felonies at the discretion of the prosecutor--, and which would be filed as
felonies to alternate felony/misdemeanors
felons often
felony theft should not receive probation
felony, as defined in Section 667.5 of the Penal Code. serious felony as defined in the Penal Code
felt that the term implied too little flexibility to deal with emergency
Fentanyl, an opioid that proves to be up to 50 times more intense than Heroin, is one of the overarching drugs driving the rate of drug-related overdoses in California and the United
few agencies or employees think about this issue until circumstances
Few farmers would be willing to do this as they would remain responsible for the housing and any liability
few more days to prepare for unforeseen job loss
few plans are able to effectively dictate the terms of provider reimbursement, decision-making, and quality of services. According to the sponsor, private efforts to
Few, if any, farmers would be willing to do this as they would remain ultimately responsible for the housing and any liability
fewer individuals qualifying for coverage
fewer youth benefitting from substance abuse prevention programs
fifteen members of the Magdalena Ecke Family YMCA Youth and Government Delegation
fights to end the prison industrial complex (PIC) by
file a complaint for overtime with Wage and Hour Division of the United States Department of Labor when a claim is not
File in 2004
file them to gain a suspension in execution of the garnishment, and there
File, an online database for cross-referencing persons who fall within
filed in adult criminal court at the prosecutor's discretion. DEJ is
filed numerous challenges, including a claim for ineffective assistance
filed prior to the access study qualification, and it is unclear whether
filing their financial disclosures late or failing to file at all. Since
Filipino- (Chu) PageB Employees Association
finalized, it would be appropriate to engage in
Finally, a drafting error leaves most In Home Supportive Service (IHSS)
Finally, AB 1526 will make California's PaintCare Program the first in the nation to provide management of spray paint products, which will likely be a model for other
Finally, AB 2016 makes no mention of creditors
Finally, ammunition sales would have to take place in face to face
Finally, any changes to the Program should be debated within the context
Finally, ART
Finally, as a new uniform act promulgated by NCCUSL, RUPA
Finally, as noted above, the opposition disagrees with the authors
Finally, CalChamber
Finally, CBCN
Finally, CBH
Finally, CCC
Finally, CEMEX
Finally, CHA
Finally, CPEHN
Finally, DOF
Finally, DPR
Finally, Health Net cities the simplified method of allowing employers to directly deduct family
Finally, I
Finally, I would
Finally, in order for me to sign a bill that alters the secret ballot
Finally, it broadens the reports the state protection and advocacy
Finally, it is critical that if changes are made to this section of law, the process does not become so cumbersome as to slow down Tier 1
Finally, KRCD
Finally, LA Unified
Finally, LHPC
Finally, Oakland Privacy
Finally, OPC
Finally, public sector employers make similar arguments with respect to
Finally, SB 1143 will make California's PaintCare Program the first in the nation to provide management of these remaining products, which will likely be a model for other
Finally, State Parks
Finally, the Associated Builders and Contractors of California (ABC)
Finally, the Association of California Water Agencies
Finally, the bill
Finally, the coalition
Finally, the Karuk Tribe
Finally, the opposition
Finally, the opposition coalition
Finally, the Teamsters question why drivers should have to
Finally, UC
Finally, VAWC
Finally, Wal-Mart
Finally, WCLP
Finally, we want to
Finally, while the bill emphasizes reading and student
Finance is also
Finance opposed
Finance opposes this measure
financial aid, they must opt-in to be registered with the SSS
financial commitments to providers and Medi-Cal members
financial contributions in lieu of performing pro bono
Financial Counseling Association of America and supported by individual nonprofit organizations
financial distress. The Controller
financial errors, waste, fraud and abuse by requiring local government
Financial Exploitation," US General Accounting Office, November 2012, -9
financial industry scandals
financial problem. SB 449 failed passage in the Assembly Local
financial problems for that district
financial support to schools. ACSA urges you to amend the bill to
financially from funding the production and collection of biomass or from
financially participate in tax increment financing for economic
financially, or to California employers who were forced to
financing significant improvements at the publicly-owned hospital, and appropriately spends a significant portion of their revenues to
financing tools, such as infrastructure financing districts, because it
find gainful employment and appropriate housing, they are less likely to
find pertinent to the issues at hand
finding of a special circumstance(s) and sentenced to life without the possibility of parole, have the opportunity for review after serving 15
finding on the record, and may, in these cases, exclude the counseling requirement from the order
finding request whether mediation occurs or not
findings
findings are binding pursuant to Penal Code Section 490(b) 86 (SB 618)
findings of the California Sex Offender Management Board that identified
finds the person is no longer likely to commit a sexually
fine of $390 to $1,000 and license revocation. A DUI within
fine of up to $1,000, or by 16 months, 2, or 3 years in state prison, for any person who has been convicted of specified misdemeanors, and who, within 10 years of conviction, owns or possesses a gun
fine on other providers with similar reporting requirements
fines and waive class "B" citations. CANHR
fines by serving jail time once a warrant has been issued, thereby
fines have been on a steady rise in recent years, and in their
fins are obtained is wasteful and cruel, and bans on the practice of finning have been insufficient to stop the trade in shark fins
fire departments will be precluded from participating in the permit
Fire Districts Association of California and supported by various local fire departments and districts
Firearms for Policy Coalition questions the need to amend provisions of SB 707 this soon
firearms should be prohibited from owning, purchasing, possessing, or
firefighter or peace officer, exclusively. These canines are permitted to
firefighters
Firefighters and the California Labor Federation, and supported by other
firefighters than peace officers, given the nature of their respective professions
Firefighters' Association, Fire Chief's
Firefighters, the California Fire Chiefs Association and many other
firefighting is a public good delivered by public agency firefighters and the public water system is designed
firms (prior version)
firms, individuals and associations
first be allowed to complete Phase II of its proceeding, and that
first five years of employment
first getting consent or obtaining permission
first initiate collective bargaining on a pilot basis. Lastly, advancing the program to all 58 counties defeats the original intent
first re-examine the issue of whether maintaining universal 911 access
first year or two of life as somebody's pet dog, there is no way to
First, Blue Cross
First, CAA
First, CHA
First, CHLA
First, EFF
First, GMR
First, it
First, PBGH
First, some
first, when a decision is
First-degree robbery is generally punishable by 3, 4, or 6
Fisca l: This mandate was last funded in 2001-02 at $1.6
Fiscal : This proposal will allow savings of approximately
Fiscal : This section would result in a cost avoidance of $2.0 million
FISCAL COMMENTS 1) According to the Assembly Appropriations Committee, CHBRP
FISCAL COMMENTS According to Assembly Appropriations Committee, DMV
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Assembly Appropriations Committee DHCS would need to provide an estimated 100 to 200 notifications per year and
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Assembly Appropriations Committee on August 18, 2024, DDS
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Assembly Appropriations Committee, "1) The Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (CAL FIRE)
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Assembly Appropriations Committee, "Costs of an unknown, but potentially significant amount, in excess of $150,000, to DWC to create and
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Assembly Appropriations Committee, "the State Water Board estimates costs to be minor and absorbable (Water Rights Fund) and
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Assembly Appropriations Committee, 1) The Board of Pharmacy (Board)
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Assembly Appropriations Committee, absorbable costs of approximately $56,000 to EDD to conduct the feasibility study, although EDD
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Assembly Appropriations Committee, ARB
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Assembly Appropriations Committee, ARB reports approximately $150,000 in costs from the Cost of Implementation Account to contract for a study, but
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Assembly Appropriations Committee, Caltrans
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Assembly Appropriations Committee, CHHSA
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Assembly Appropriations Committee, CHP, referencing existing workers' compensation
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Assembly Appropriations Committee, DOJ
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Assembly Appropriations Committee, DPH
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Assembly Appropriations Committee, enactment of the bill would result in minor and absorbable costs to CAL FIRE, which
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Assembly Appropriations Committee, HCAI
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Assembly Appropriations Committee, the California Department of Human Resources
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Assembly Appropriations Committee, the CPUC
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Assembly Appropriations Committee, the Department of General Services
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Assembly Appropriations Committee, the Department of Justice
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Assembly Appropriations Committee, the Department of Justice (DOJ)
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Assembly Committee on Appropriations, the DCC
FISCAL COMMENTS According to the Senate Appropriations Committee, "the Department of Industrial Relations, which houses OSHA
FISCAL COMMENTS Senate Appropriations Committee
FISCAL COMMENTS The Senate Committee on Appropriations
FISCAL EFFECT Unknown COMMENTS The American Insurance Association
fiscal stability in recent years. I would request
fiscal year. This information would be for the use of the Joint enforcement Strike Force on the Underground Economy
Fiscal: Indeterminable shift in funding between districts
fish and shell fish. SB 25
fish products, it does require it to be labeled so consumers know what
fishing groups, related industries, and several conservation groups
fits within the communities' individual circumstances while still
five co-sponsoring tribes have come together
five Family Friends Projects to match seniors with
five percent of California youth sentenced to LWOP for involvement in
five regional centers in 1998, which continue to operate, serving
five seven year limitation shall not apply to a conviction for a violent
five square miles, it appears that only one school district may
five staff who
five years. This and other deficiencies led the State
flame retardants are chemicals of concern and therefore must be
flexibility for both employers and employees, and addresses the fact that
flexibility for voters that vote by mail to return their ballots in a
flexibility to be able to offer products that are affordable
flexibility to determine the fair allocation of damage awards on a case
flexibility to make case-by-case decisions on
flexibility to the Legislature and is necessary to help the CalWORKs
flexibility to use local funds
flexibility to use unrestricted general fund dollars
flexible approach that integrates three modes of service: assertive outreach
flood - that is, the worst flood one would expect to face in a 200-year
floor after passing off of the Suspense File in both houses
Flowing from these rights is the right of a represented employee to be represented, upon their request, by their exclusive representative at an investigatory interview that the employee reasonably
fluoridation is factually inaccurate and scientifically unsubstantiated
focus is off target. "The focus of the bill on
focus their efforts on such victims
focusing on those individuals who pose a risk to society
follow procedures to deter illegal acquisition of handgun ammunition
follow the law
follow the rules and procedures for collecting civil money penalties as
Following a required court hearing as defined in Sell vs. United States (2003) 539 U.S. 166, SB 568 allows a physician, under the same conditions
following an accident proved accurate and reliable in detecting
following are some possibilities
following condemnation - is what causes the revenue loss. As
following groups
following groups have informed committee staff that they expect to remove their opposition
following issuance of the Managed Health Care Improvement
following organizations
follows the requirements used by other states for licensure of professional
follows, then, that increasing the amount of debt payday borrowers owe
Food and Beverage Manufacturing Consortium funders forum and supply chain mapping
food banks are inaccessible to the clients they aim to serve and tend to increase marginalization of the unhoused
food facility inspection information on the Internet
for
for .22 long rifles, may be banned by the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives as armor piercing ammunition. If a
for 18 months following a
for 180 days combining the currently existing 90 days of federal case management
For 2003-04, this could prevent the loss of service to
for 2004-05 to serve its estimated eligible students, but the governor's budget proposed only 3%. (The Legislature's respective budget committees increase this to 3.65%.)
for 32 years since enactment of the PRA. Over that time, these
for 66.5% of convictions for crack cocaine sale. Hispanics make up 25% of these convictions and whites only 3.4%. The California State Conference
for 9th and 10th graders in future fiscal years. Chapter
for a Better Environment, Contra Costa Water
for a Better Environment, DES Cancer Network, Endometriosis Association, Environment
for a Better Environment, Global Technologies, LLC, Hangers Cleaners, National Environmental
for a crime, if he or she has obtained a certificate of rehabilitation
for a determination of blight that could result in the taking of someone's home, business or family farm for the lease or sale to another
for a felony
for a grant
for a grant program
for a longer period of time. "Based on our experience, we do
for a maximum of 155,000. Sometime this year the state prison system will
for a moratorium on all new benefit mandates until workable
for AB 2040 to ensure that individuals reentering society receive the structured
For abortion services, a separate premium payment of $1 per member per month must be collected and held in a segregated account by each health insurer and plan, and all
for active and retired members of STRS, which is
For additional context, EMSA
for additional technical and investigative
for admission to the place of entertainment at the date and time specified on the ticket. (j) A "ticket resale marketplace
for all California consumers
for Alternatives to Toxics, Environmental
for an additional five years to compromise final tax liabilities of (a)
for an adjustment in the contract to compensate the contractor for the increase that could not be factored into the contract and to compensate
for an independent evaluation of the use of summer
for and retain administrators at a time of "major budget reductions, restructuring and realignment that require the skills and abilities of highly qualified personnel..." UC
for animals in their charge. They do wonderful work. However, there are
for any illegal fees to be fully repaid with interest, CALSSD
for any incentive. Finally, opponents
for any increased workers compensation costs associated with this legislation
for any of the assistance programs offered by the Agency. Additionally, requiring the TCA to assist
for appeal provides important closure in the regulatory process. There is
for architecture firms indefinitely
for assessing and intervening in cases involving domestic
for attorneys and experts
for ballfields that the Department of Parks and Recreation did not
for bank charges incurred by taxpayers through similar types of FTB
for breast cancer is through early detection and diagnosis
for California
for California hobby breeders and others to be included. Landesverband
for California's school children, the offensive conduct covered by
for charitable purposes. Countless community-based programs have become
for children by ACIP, new immunization mandates have been added to
for cocaine base
for compensation
for construction inspection, environmental review, and a variety of other
for consumers from health plans that exceed the limit. CDA
for consumers. They write that they would remove their
for consumption in the state. It is not known if the following groups remain in support or opposition to
for consumption in the state. It is not known, with
For context, DOR
for copying" but does not
for court-ordered restitution, while the proceeds of fines go to local and state governments. As this offense can currently be prosecuted under
for credentialing and terminating physicians will allow the medical community to strive to meet reasonable standards and to object, on behalf of their sickest and costliest
for dealing with contracting problems
for determining whether the court should grant a motion for post
for developing the list for priority toxic substances which
for development of projects associated with America's Cup. When the bill
for DFW
for domestic workers. In the face of consequences both unknown and unintended, I find it more prudent to do the studies before considering
for driving without a license is inequitable to the offense and falls
for Drug Free Kids. Supporters
for emergency services as originally proposed
for employees to return to work by creating the opportunity to obtain more
for employees without bank accounts to cash their
for employees. Furthermore, CTA
for employment in order to avoid a discrimination claim
for enhancement purposes will produce disparate results when
for Environmental and Economic Balance, Clean
for every officer that is questioned about the investigation of another
For example in the definition of "minimum requirements
For example the Business, Industry & Government (BIG) Coalition of the South San Joaquin Valley
For example, according to State Farm, California continues to lead the nation in catalytic converter thefts, with more than 5,400
For example, an employer with a majority of its employees in
For example, any time a court has issued an order to show cause and thus has recognized that if the person's
For example, any time a court has issued an order to show cause and thus has recognized that if the person′s
For example, EBMUD and ACWA concede that acquisitions by eminent domain
For example, if a worker incorrectly
For example, in California, the Unruh Civil Rights Act explicitly
For example, in South Carolina and Texas
For example, is the intent of the bill to search staff and vendors as
For example, last year Governor Newsom vetoed a bill that would have created a seven-year statute of limitations period for certain
For example, opponents
For example, PHI
For example, the California Cable and Telecommunications Association
For example, the California Housing Consortium, an advocate for low-income housing
For example, the City of San Jose
For example, the fact sheet
For example, the Irvine Ranch Water District
For example, the Legislature has recently passed AB 140 (Nunez), a $4.1 billion general obligation bond measure for
For example, the Natural Resources Defense Council
For example, the recent
for failing to do so. Opponents further
for families
for families in despair
for fiscal year (FY) 2024-25 and ongoing to build out the program
for flexibility in increasing victim expenses for relocation above the $2,000 limit, SB 314 recognizes that the price of victim safety cannot be
for fraud and "will become the new form of easy, convenient, and cheap
for funds." Similarly, the Capitol Resource Institute
for further review
for general assistance or other similar benefits due to a
for geographical differences among districts nor addresses unique needs
For Grace (an organization
for guaranteed issue in the individual market would result in adverse
for Health and Environmental Justice, Healthy
for his or her medical needs, and that communication between
for history/social science and science, when one considers
for Humanity, Ralphs/Food4Less, Rural
for identification from individuals seeking to purchase alcoholic
for IHSS
for implementation of the California 4.4 plan relating to
for In-Home Supportive Services
for increasing inclusionary practices in our schools to enrich the learning opportunities for individuals receiving special education
for Independent Living Centers, and the Western Center for
for individuals subject to detention. Cosponsors of the bill, the California Chapter of the American College of Emergency Physicians, and the Association of California Healthcare Districts
for individuals who possess a social work degree, other than the Licensed Clinical Social Worker/Associate Social Worker licensure
for information technology
for inmates and former felons, which is produced by the Secretary of State
for inmates, particularly in light of a looming budget that may
for instance
for instance within the CalFresh program
For instance, Public Law 114-196 (2016), which creates the federal Semiquincentennial Commission (federal commission), also
for instructional time in fiscal years between 1990-91 and 1995-96, as specified. In exchange for that waiver, of the districts included for relief in SB 1189, some
for insurers to compete based on price and quality. Health Access also
for its medical schools. Furthermore, the OSE
for juvenile offenders. Though this could ultimately prove true, it is
for labor - but what's good for the department. Adding
for legislative amendments, which suggests that those
for Literacy Program (FLP) and would expand the FLP
for managers is misguided
for many Californians and often fall on commercial drivers
for many of the reasons outlined above
for Medicaid eligibility from 100% to 138% of the federal poverty level and extends eligibility to childless adults, who formerly were not
for medical marijuana is not a public health
for Medicare and Medicaid Services. CCLA
for minor inmate recreational amenities for fundamental state and local
for minors who commit the most serious and violent offenses by conferring
for Monterey County
for more
For most partners in national accounting firms, more than half their income is typically subject to tax in other
for multiple languages would need to be hired.... Identifying which
for national banks
for NEV owners to charge their vehicles
for new generation capacity
for no interest penalties as opposed to having a lesser
for no other reason than it is a well-intentioned bill that seeks to improve the financial security of contracted workers
for non-standardized plans in the individual market. They
for non-veterans
for Northern California
for Northern California 43 Individuals
for obtaining the original investigative report from the reporting
for offenders statewide. Moreover, to date it is not clear that
for Older Americans
for one staff position
for OPR
for other priorities, including growth, cost of living adjustments, restoration of categorical funding for student services and part-time
for other state agencies
for other states to enact similar labeling requirements for genetically
for other than CSI purposes. The PUC also indicates that it
for over 100 years empowered local voters to govern city municipal
for over 50 years and are authorized to work in 20
for peer
for people with Developmental Disabilities MV Transportation
for People, Inc
for periodic oversight of needle programs
for Pesticide Reform, Environmental Working
for post-release supervision, cite the benefits of post-release
for potential infringement on civil rights protections. The opponent
for private businesses to conduct R&D in this state. Unlike many other
for profit corporation to create a sole source operation
for profit, resulting in physical or financial risk to taxpayers. They
for property owners not unlike covenants, conditions and restrictions that circumscribe property rights. The bill
for public meeting space. Under current law, the advisory activities of two-member bodies are reviewed and voted upon in publically-noticed
for Public Policy
for purposes of the notice provision could also trigger the penalty
for quality of care affirmed in these and other court holdings
for RCFEs would be more appropriate, rather than requiring
for re-sentencing or provide for a right of appeal to ensure
for Reproductive
for Responsible Forest Management, Defenders of Wildlife, Planning and Conservation League, San
for retailers
for riders by prohibiting public employee strikes." Citing the need to
for rural hospitals and those hospitals in underserved areas. (AB 1944 was held in Senate Health in June.)
for Sacramento area charities will be lost by this legislation. In
for school districts to adhere to this policy
for school districts to measure how well students are progressing in ELA and mathematics. Specifically, ACSA states: "There will be no required
for school districts, community college districts and county offices of education may be a laudable goal, parcel taxes promote inequities among
for schools. American Career College/West Coast University and CAPPS
for screenings done by "scientifically valid technology." According to
for security breaches, resulting in dissemination of confidential
for settling disputes between vehicle manufacturers and dealers
for seven staff to oversee and
for several years. By opening the door for the percentages to be
for sex offenders and serve as a resource for the Legislature and the governor
for sheriffs and taxpayers to negotiate reasonable health care costs
for short terms and are not and cannot be effective catalysts for longer
for short-term or temporary staffing needs
for small and medium sized businesses. CAHU also
for small business and other purchasers grappling with rising
for small businesses by allowing them to use forms of general
for Social Change, Californians Against Waste, League of California Cities, Norcal Waste
for Social Responsibility (Sacramento Chapter), Planning and Conservation League, Solid Waste
for Social Responsibility, Los Angeles and the San Francisco Bay Area chapters, Planning and Conservation League, Los Osos Community
for Social Responsibility-Los Angeles, Planning and Conservation League, Service Employees
for special services and equipment that are not available internally
for specified public improvements approved by 55% of the voters of the local government. ACA 9 was held on the Assembly floor
For stale-dated warrants, the Controller must confirm the check was not
For stale-dated warrants, the controller must confirm the check was not
For stale-dated warrants, the State Controller must confirm the check was
for standardized protocols and physician review are in place to ensure
for stronger licensing and oversight of outpatient surgical centers
for students- we must focus our limited resources on ensuring that all colleges are fully implementing equitable placement and completion policies which aim to ensure every student is receiving
for such a department
for such offenders
for system planning for uncertain future load requirements, and would not spur construction of new generating capacity. The California Manufacturing and Technology Association echoes IEP's
for tax agents to operate across county lines. They
for taxpayers to discern from their property tax bill what revenue is
for technological aids. They
for telecommunications and information technology project management
for telephone services
for that comply with general plan and zoning
for that retiree are suspended until that employee subsequently re
for the $25,000 bond required for licensure by the DOC, in addition to
for the Advancement for Medical Research
for the Advancement of Colored People states "we are aware of the serious disparity that exists in the way African Americans
for the Advancement of Colored People The Network
for the Aging (CAHSA)
for the Aging California Continuing Care
for the assessment of individuals. CHA
for the California Conservation Corps to realign its fire crews to CAL FIRE′s year-round operations schedule
for the development of injury and illness prevention programs
for the Establishment of the Law Enforcement
for the full amount
for the health and mental health programs. The way realignment
for the implementation of the activities of the DASP, including the duty
For the last decade, the youth advocacy community has been fighting to address and
For the last few years, [low-income housing] welfare exemption law has acknowledged this reality and
for the Legislature to appropriate funding
for the listed chemicals to be phased out (, lines 27-34 it
for the mother
for the poor. Our record is also dismal in comparison
for the previous planning period must be met. X
for the program expires at the end of 2011 and AB 716 would extend that
for the provisions of the bill relating to physician
for the purpose of treating the trauma that results from the crime
for the recipients who have found jobs so that they can
for the recycling market rather than the waste stream, there are, at
for the Retarded
for the Retarded (CASHPCR)
for the Retarded California Council of Community Mental
for the reviewing doctor and treating doctor to communicate, thereby
for the State Water Board
for the State Water Resources Control Board for eight years
for the talent that drives California's economy
for the Town of San Martin
for the two types of insurance to be identical, two
for the UC to hire one additional staff necessary
for their long term care
for their service to our children and communities
for their time and trouble of submitting to this process
for these individuals, will find fewer and fewer facilities to place
For these reasons and many more the San Gabriel Band of Mission Indians Gabrieleno/Tongva are proud
For these reasons CARA
For these reasons they ask that we
For these reasons we are respectfully
For these reasons we respectfully urge your
For these reasons we urge your
For these reasons, I am unable to sign this measure
for these services
For these student groups, being subjected to higher suspension rates than their peers
for this purpose in the budget. However, the decision to apply for this funding is based on local
For this reason I am returning Senate Bill 557 without
For this reason I am unable
For this reason we would
For this reason, California administers an extremely rigorous supplemental examination unlike most
For this reason, I am returning SB 757 without my signature
For this reason, I am unable to sign the bill
For this reason, NHeLP concludes that it is important that
For those and other counties that haven't implemented AOT, CPA
For those who are interested in stemming the tide of illegal weapons, we share a common desire, and GOC
for those who have already filed a writ and were denied
for three staff positions
For too long
for treatment of lymphedema according to the current community
for tribal sponsorship of every grant. The opponents
for TVHD to resubmit its seismic safety extension application and acceptable plan to OSHPD in compliance with retrofit deadlines
for unwarranted fine increases and discourages prompt payment
for use at a postsecondary educational institution shall provide
for validating the data and providing new information to DPH
for vehicle manslaughter suspects to flee the scene of serious traffic
for violating Labor Code Section 212, in hopes of addressing the problem more comprehensively
for violation of its provisions
for violations of vehicle idling requirements. Local air district and law
for virtually all of their employees to undergo criminal
for which expedited DNA analysis is crucial, state and local crime labs
for writ of habeas corpus asking that the conviction be reversed based
for written permission to traverse private lands. The California Motorcycle Dealer's Association and the Specialty
for years to increase enforcement of the anti-kickback law
for-profit CCRCs
force many BHPH dealers out of business because they could not qualify
force, coercion, or other indicators of child abuse
forced to pay a probation department for this service and would have no
forced to pay for coverage that benefits only a few hundred
forced to retract the statistics it had earlier provided
Forced Unionism CA Teachers Assn
forces treating physicians to practice evidence-based medicine because the failure to provide proper documentation for treatment requests will result
Forcible foreign object rape
forcible sodomy
forcing an emergency department to stay open causes an entire
foreclosures or delinquencies involved homeowners age 50 and older, and
foregoing discounts sometimes available from local vendors
foreseeable positive outcomes for patients or the community
forestry and related regulations and policies are adequate to achieve the GHG emissions reductions identified in the AB 32 scoping plan. This is
forfeit what CAHP states is the legal right of health plans to rescind
forfeiture more difficult. Law enforcement did oppose SB 1886 in 2000
FORGIVE (unable to re-verify at time of this writing)
Forgiving the penalties for these districts will have the effect of a major change in policy regarding
form earning good time credits and includes program
form of age discrimination
form, the bill only applies to physicians and surgeons licensed by the Medical Board of California or osteopathic physicians and surgeons licensed
formally remove its opposition at its July 17th Board
former California Superintendent of Public Instruction
former chair evidence Section of the American Association Law
former Chair, Evidence Section of the American Association of Law Schools
former Chair, Evidence Section of the American Association of Law Schools)
former Chairman
former chairman of the Constitution Revision Commission
Former Civil Rights Investigator with the US. Department of Education
former Contractors State License Board Enforcement Program Monitor
Former Contractors State License Board Enforcement Program Monitor
former Deputy District Attorney in Los Angeles County
Former Mayor of the City of Huntington Park
formerly under the supervision of state parole agents, to local probation
Formerly With Sos Community Counseling
forms currently in use are particularly confusing and may take additional
forms in an office move, and a $1,567 claim to reissue an unclaimed
forms of lapses of consciousness disorder for public safety
forms of technology which were not considered significant factors when
formularies and would result in an increase in health
formularies, oral contraception, which has been available for
formulary process, which has resulted in a dramatic
formulas, contributions rates and eligibility ages if it becomes necessary
forth in SB 27, wagering on popular international races
forth in this proposal are unattainable within existing resources and do
Fortunately, the federal Financial Services Modernization Act encourages
foster children
foster family and group homes (GHs)
foster youth will be left with little to no
found that small businesses of 50 or fewer employees
Foundation and a long list of conservation, recreation and environmental organizations
Foundation and other park supporters
Foundation and Poder Popular of the Coachella Valley, who
Foundation and the Western Center on Law and Poverty who
Foundation in the 1999-00 budget. This represented
Foundation study, which projects Los Angeles County county will
foundations, booster clubs, and other volunteers attempting to provide
Founder and former-Medical Director
Fountain Valley (as amended April 18, 2006)
Fountain Valley (as amended April 20, 2006)
Four homeowners' associations (Irvine, Laguna Woods, Mission Viejo, and Roseville)
Four manufacturing companies
Four of six COHS plans
Four Sponsors of the Bill, Affiliated with School Districts and Juvenile Traffic Courts
Four television networks and one
four television networks and one local: television station
four times in less than two years. The increases have occurred
fragments the EMS system, and will increase costs to LEMSAs by
Fragrance Creators Association (Fragrance Creators) is writing to express our
Franchise Tax Board to facilitate return processing and reduce taxpayer confusion and frustration regarding change of filing status
franchises to cable video providers also stipulates that the commission
Francisco and several waste management organizations
Francisco Bay Area, "Currently there is an inconsistency in the two
Francisco has invested heavily both in public safety and front-end
Francisco SB 1162-Machado American Legion War Memorial Commission
Francisco, and Community Service Programs, Victim Assistance Programs
Francisco, Claremont, Cucamonga Valley Water
Francisco, Humboldt Waste Management Authority
Francisco, Oakland, Alameda and Long Beach
Francisco, San Mateo, Alameda, Marin, and Contra Costa Counties
Francisco, Santa Clara and San Joaquin counties
Francisco, Stockton
Francisco, Stockton, Sunnyvale, Tracy, Tulare, Upland, Vista, Wasco, West
Francisco, the California State Association of Counties, the Regional
Francisco, which operates a curbside compost collection program, among
fraud and unlawful use of military seals in advertisements
fraud investigations and prosecutions. Should the Attorney General have a role in the part of the program
fraud. Current law lacks adequate safeguards against the theft and illegal distribution of prescription pads from Security Prescription
Fraud." In that report the highlight several news reports that suggest
fraudulent prescriptions and illegal distribution of controlled substances
free and appropriate public education, including students with special
free from punishment that is disproportionate to the offense.... We do not
free or subsidized programs of adult English language
freedom to price for services rendered
freely enter into contracts: for service
frequency. While PORAC understands that most of these open carry
frequent basis. Additionally, though an item may be booked into evidence
frequent contact between the attorney and the client and the ability to
frequently used to ensure quality care, medical staff
Fresno Council on Child County and Municipal Employees, AFL-CIO
Fresno County did not ask for creation of the Commission and the Fresno County Board of Supervisors
Fresno County writes it is
Fresno Zoological Society in an effort to raise additional revenues to support the zoo and related zoological facilities and purposes within Fresno County
Friendly outreach provides the opportunity to connect families with needed resources and
Friends of SB 1569 (Hayden) Project 10
Friends of the Ballona Wetlands, in support of the bill
Friends, numerous clinics, the Orange County Breast Cancer
friends, on the grounds that the HIPAA provisions are more
frivolous Labor Code-related lawsuits
from "manpower" to "employee," since the former is considered
from 2010 to 2020, faster than the average for all other occupations
from 25-to-life to twice the base terms - for specified third-strikers
from a lien was added in 1979. The 1992 amendments, Chapter 1001 (AB 3014), increased the maximum attorneys' fees to the prevailing
from a lifetime of guilt and criminal penalty if they were to otherwise
from a proposed governmental action pay for the public cost of that
from a simple majority of the members to a higher threshold. CCS
from any person licensed in another state, country or jurisdiction as a
from being further disadvantaged and from needlessly experiencing hunger
from breast cancer, and that without coverage for treatment, early detection will not only fail to save women's lives, but
from consideration of surcharges on ViOP providers and that
from continuing to increase prescription drug prices. The Association of California Life and Health Insurance Companies and the California Association of Health Plans
from corporations themselves
from dealers to locksmiths
from declining districts to districts with actual growth in
from DHS playground regulations
from discharge of indebtedness in order to grant additional tax relief to
from enacting labeling requirements. Also, Alaska's law has not been
from establishing a robust record on these matters, thus likely impacting
from financial abuse and fraud, we must be careful not to
from further committing crimes, thereby increasing public safety
from hackers." The author's most recent amendments, described above in
from holding a gaming license in California, leading to an
from income tax at a 28% rate. The taxpayer would receive about $9.30
FROM INDIVIDUAL BUILDING OWNERS
from individuals opposing the bill's
from July 1
from legal counsel, could well create confusion and ambiguity that could
from locally determined yar dsticks that are under no
from locating in California, and provide an excessive burden
from low income and minority homeowners who are reluctant to enroll in
from O&P altogether. According to Kaiser, some groups
from other important duties
from our communities recidivist criminals who have multiple prior
from personal training, a field which they
from predatory adult sex offenders. Juvenile offenders-whose sex offenses
from public fire agencies, which account for less than 20% of the emergency ambulance transportation in California. CAA
from raising the rent on a unit if the tenant moves out as a
from regulatory agencies in both countries (the FDA and Health Canada), which openly acknowledge the inability to guarantee
from research foundations, and CAHP sees no public purpose for
from seeking out unscrupulous shops and individuals who may install
from simply changing an e-mail address. Nor is there any reason to
from some of the highest rates of employment. Other supporters claim
from the "substandard list
from the 401(a) (17) limits from the Internal Revenue Service. The exemption was granted in 2007 thus allowing UCRS to calculate pensions on
from the bill. General concern is expressed by Golden State Life
from the commissioner to the governor
from the Department of Justice under existing law. We
from the Education Code the requirement that at least 3,000
from the energy crisis, the PUC ruled that greenfield
from the General Fund to GO-LCI
from the General Fund to the 988 State Suicide and Behavioral Health Services Fund to cover the state's first year of administrative costs and to fund the designated 988 centers
from the Internet. The Superintendent of Public
from the obligation to pay the CRS. The PUC also ruled that
from the original unaltered Medi-Cal card under circumstances controlled by
from the purchasers who are responsible for payment
from the report in the Index. DOJ is required to keep substantiated
from the requirements of this subdivision. (c) In addition to being subject to any applicable penalties set forth
from the Schedule IV. Although fenfluramine (and dexfenfluramine) may not meet the technical and pharmacological
from the scientific perspective, fails to consider the current
from the state and about $28 from the federal government so the total out
from the state to eligible property owners. Each year, the state imposes
from the training requirements-specifically, for those
from the UI administrative budget to fund a program that has proven
from their accounts at any time during the year
From these five sets of rules, nine different payment
from those ATMs was ultimately spent. It may be that those recipients
from unlawful or unfair practices by insurance companies
from using the medium
from using their cash grant to purchase alcohol and tobacco, nor would it
frozen salaries of top administrators and instituted furloughs impacting
FTB and supported by the State Controller
FTB further
FTB position is "Neutral
FTB voted 2-0
FTES for districts in the current and future years. This
fuel demands
fueling dispenser nozzles. AB 462 (Bonnie Lowenthal) passed the Assembly
fugitive
full lives in the community, effectively ending the Lanterman Act promise
full price for a replacement hunting or fishing license or stamp when, using ALDS, DFG can easily verify the customer's prior purchase of the license or stamp
full year CSR in the following year. This provision
full-time positions
fully
fully comply with both the Bagley-Keene Act and the Public Records Act
fully covered status. Another goal of the program is to
fully functioning (not expected until 2015). In addition, the CACEO
fully funded and some local and county pension funds are in jeopardy, UCRP is fully funded at more than 100% of its obligations-higher than
fully integrated systems of care result in better quality
function and public health departments should not be
functional purpose is served by this advance notice. Granted this
functions that can be performed more efficiently through technology to
functions. PECG seeks provisions mirroring those including in AB 401 (Daly)/Chapter 586 of 2013, which authorized Caltrans and regional
Fund (FGPF) money to pay for the feeding of California condors, a nongame
Fund (MALDEF): Statecraft
fund CalWORKS child care for these groups
Fund costs
fund due to an accounting error
fund emergency services that the local community is unwilling
fund facilities necessary for establishing new CSR
fund future self-help housing projects
Fund Her (prior version)
fund in most years. They
Fund so that it can be allocated by the California
fund the program. For example, in federal fiscal year 2004, 2005 and 2006, the state projects receiving $534 million in
fund them? While these CSOs will lose their ability to fund
Fund, 1 individual
Fund, could create a multi-billion dollar liability for the state, unnecessarily enters the federal government's domain, and is
fundamental in the physician's ability to provide the most
fundamental regulatory responsibility and potentially
fundamental shift in the lay nature of its board. The CSU
fundamental shift in the purpose of Mello-Roos taxes, which are intended
fundamentally unfair to the employer, to witnesses, and to local
fundamentally, we oppose SB 1173 because it sets up a
funded grants for spinal cord injury research. These funds have been
funding 8
funding additional research, additional General Fund monies should
funding commitment to expand the existing State
funding for counselors and librarians, both of which are integral to
funding from outside sources
funding in the governor's proposed 2004-05 budget for a
funding opportunities and policies which promote the development of aging-friendly
Funding received through the fee added to the tickets purchased will
funding sources are inconsistent with long held principles of California's civil service system, which hold that state employees should
funding that would help facilitate the discussion
funding the additional services it envisions. The 1999-2000 already includes the amount necessary to
funding the budget proposes $54.1 million for mental
funding to report school crime data, therefore the state
funding under the newly created block grant programs
Funding would
funding, existing programs providing free services in
funding. AB 2893 was refused concurrence in Senate amendments at
funds
funds allocated specifically for school districts and county offices of education. The Youth Authority has
funds and will sign legislation authorizing their expenditure
funds appropriated by the state for renovation of a
funds are used. Campaign contributions are intended to help elect
funds could be provided in the budget for this
funds from both the federal government and local
funds from existing programs, and it
funds from projects that benefit the entire travelling public. They also
funds in 2005-06 would be available to support core K-12
funds in the supplemental summer school program in
funds may be used for several discretionary purposes. Under
funds the enhancement and preservation of the Ballona Wetlands
funds to the original taxing entities. However, those
funds, but necessitate discussions about what kinds of development
funds. It is unclear whether their opposition is removed by
Further ACWA
further adds to the volatility problem by narrowing the base of the personal income tax
further business with the CCA program in perpetuity. The SFPUC
further compensation via the service charge proposed in the bill
further create gender confusion in society by loosely defining and altering a person's natural sex through the codification of gender
further deter future immigration attorneys from entering into this field
further employment with the state
further encouraged to include information on their web sites and other public materials that identify locations that accept
further federal guidance is issued. Public input will be sought prior
further masking the inequity and disproportionality of all youth of color in confinement
further masking the inequity and disproportionality of all youth of color in confinement. According to NOXTIN: Equal Justice for All
Further negotiations are still taking place between
further sanctions the public misunderstanding and harassment
further whatever limited discretion a judge may have in such cases
Further, according to a coalition of clean air and environmental advocacy
Further, ACWA
Further, as more
Further, at least 15 other
Further, CAHP
Further, CalChamber
Further, CFA
Further, CTA
Further, DPH's inability to help communities access safe drinking water
Further, in the Division of Measurement Standards 1996 survey, California retail prices were accurate or undercharged 97.8% of the time, which is above the national average. Opponents
Further, it
Further, opponents
Further, recently enacted legislation strengthens existing law by
Further, Sempra
Further, some of the
Further, SSCCC
Further, the California District Attorneys Association
Further, the cases CJAC cites did not involve underground natural gas
Further, the CSU
Further, The People Concern
Further, there is also language that
Further, they
furtherance of the purposes of the Political Reform Act as
Furthermore, 26
Furthermore, absent more information regarding
Furthermore, acknowledging the key role pharmacists play in managing chronic disease
Furthermore, ACWA
Furthermore, CPA
Furthermore, HAC
Furthermore, SB 404 applies to anyone who is perceived to provide
Furthermore, the AFPA
Furthermore, the bill
Furthermore, the creation of this agency
Furthermore, the CSA [Corrections Standards Authority], which the BSCC
Furthermore, the fact that the National Human Trafficking Hotline reports H-2A workers as the largest category of abuse cases
Furthermore, the Program's intent to fund joint-use ventures with equal
Furthermore, this legislation only applies to
Furthermore, while the bill proposes to capture more beverage containers
future additional cancer detection programs
future dangerousness. Because this law authorizes
future program costs within the fixed amount of funding provided by the federal government
future retirement benefit arrangements" for new public employees, "allowing
future stamps will be created based on national interest, historical
g) One educator or trainer in the field of criminal
g) require the Exchange to provide services and materials in languages other than English
g) Significant costs to the state and to schools
g. The IC would be allowed to
gang - "are easily, inadvertently violated by persons of goodwill" (OSCC) and "would entrap a great many lawful, well intended, but unwitting
gap that occurs within the auto auction and dismantling industry when
Gas Vehicle Coalition, California Public
General AB 856 (Caldera) Page w Electric
General Fund instead of through a regressive scheme of double taxation on families with incarcerated loved ones
General Fund MOE for CalWORKs of 75
General Fund or special fund such
General Fund to the Access to Justice Commission to administer a student loan repayment assistance program for service providers employed by qualifying legal service organizations and projects
General Fund to the Adult Reentry Grant administered by the Board of State and Community Corrections
General Fund would be required
General Fund)
General Fund) for six positions
General Fund) to fund the California Department of Education (CDE) facilitation of three public meetings and
general maxim of California law that mere knowledge that a
general PLA prohibition by charter amendment, and the City of Fresno did
General plans must meet high standards and
General SB 1146 (Burton) Motors Corp
general tax and a two -thirds vote is necessary to approve a special tax
general topic
general waiver authority as school districts. A school district can only
general, and not specific, basis. Therefore, without an
general, are newer and designed to be more accommodating to
General, The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, Battered
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. AB 253 is pending in the
generally agree that an effective regulatory framework for
generally hundreds of pages of information. CHA
generally is the one to produce MSDSs which include
Generally, all mutual aid costs, including
Generally, California wage laws under the Labor Code permit workers to file
Generally, the opponent
Generally, the tax attorney, tax accountant and business communities support conformity with
generating capacity. The California Manufacturing and Technology Association echoes the IEP's concerns about the bill not adequately providing for competitive market for new
generation capacity
generator but its purpose is to provide a repository for and access to
Genetic Information and Insurance
genetically engineered seafood
genetically modified fish or fish product" whether packaged or
genetically modified fish or fish product" whether packaged or unpackaged
gentrification by removing homeless and poor people from
genuinely attempting to qualify an initiative for a statewide ballot, the filing fee, even at $2,000, would likely represent a miniscule portion of an initiative proponent's total costs
genuinely necessary, as opposed to legal work that can be performed far
geographically diverse sources into dependable annual supplies of water
Georgetown AB 1785 (Brewer) Divide Public Utility District
get a conviction
get coverage. CSEA
getting federal approval as it is inconsistent with the managed care
GF budget request
GF per year over the same three years in state administrative costs to monitor the contract and
GF) ongoing to CDSS for one staff position
GIFFORDS advocated for and the Legislature appropriated $40 million in one-time funding to the Judicial Council
give input on elements that will give them the most
give judges discretion to expunge misdemeanor convictions in appropriate
Give The Legislature The Duty To Approve
given difficult fiscal conditions
given hospitals are legally prohibited from employing physicians
Given its inherent design, DHCS
Given one of the primary justifications for a state R&D tax credit is
given providers but, after amendment of SB 92, the proposals are not necessarily in policy conflict. SB 92
given recent efforts to advance CDR technologies and projects
Given recent federal and brand
Given that 27 of the 50
given that the damage is sometimes not visible
Given that we are one of the largest
Given the data above, and the apparent difficulties a hard cap could
Given the deficiencies of the environmental review process that was used to
given the difficult budget decisions facing local governments. The sponsor
Given the ease with which a person may change an e-mail address, given
Given the extraordinary number of patients MLKCH serves in a disadvantaged part of the state, MLKCH
Given the importance of port-related emissions sources, ARB will also be
Given the on-going regulation of juvenile separation, and the need to
Given the state's fiscal situation, the committee may wish to
given the state's present fiscal status
Given this, SB 447 opponents requested a sunset to only apply to cases and
givers either using their own limited and fixed incomes or state funded
gives the appearance of an arbitrary decision by the licensing authority
gives the specific reasons for the denial. Some licensing authorities
giving DHS flexibility to defer annual inspections of hospitals experiencing adverse events in certain cases
giving school districts two years, rather than one year, to meet
giving testimony under oath would be a major departure from existing
Giving the jury the option to consider both the greater and the lesser crimes is based on due process. In practice, the judge has an independent duty to instruct the jury to consider
Glendale Community College District wrote
Glenn and Tehama County Farm Bureaus and others also
Global Automakers Honda North America, Inc. -- END -- [1]"Exporting New Luxury Cars Is Lucrative, Legally Questionable," Autoweek
goal of this modification is
goals of the newly released Master Plan for Career Technical Education and the promotion of an education system that
goals" and "academic and career goals," and incorporate academic
goals, to adopt the National Transportation Safety Board recommendations
goals: (i) increase the total amount of R&D activity, which results in
goes against the spirit of the state's "bottle bill" recycling law
going without the critical disability
Golden State amended)
good reason. The Act was passed by the voters to stop the California
govern a decertification election. Overturning and reversing secret
govern the IC's evaluation
governing licensed tissue banks and requires the regulations to be
governing other personal lines of insurance, such as
governing states, which allows decision-making participation. The remaining 12 are advisory states
governing the MTBE situation. Some of the opposition
governing the sale of alcoholic beverages. The clerks must either ask
government agency warrant trying a different accountability structure
government and are based on the average climate of the United
Government argues that the state building code does not
Government Committee, but did not send a
Government Committee. Governor Schwarzenegger vetoed SB 1056 (Alarcón, 2004) and SB 1523 (Alarcón, 2006), both of which would have required a
Government Committee. Portions of SB 449 have been incorporated into
government entities (county offices of education), this
government has agreed to provide its match for services
government is to propose an earmark at the ballot, then a greater
government itself does not employ such a system to automatically register
government programs and spending. The Authority has wasted tens of millions of dollars to run a grand total of zero trains over the last nine
Government Services and Advanced Data Processing, two companies that
government set-aside funding to establish assessment consortiums to
government through increased roadway maintenance costs and that PTA
government to respond to a recent compliance report
government under the NHPA. They also
Government Work - How California Can Improve Efficiency and Reduce
government's ability to exercise its right under state law to establish and operate a CCA program
government's duty and responsibility to protect our children and ensure
government-funded programs promoting birth control and abortion services without parental consent
government-sponsored benefits. The California Land Title
government. CANHR states it has received numerous emails and phone calls
governmental agencies and their designated agents as necessary for proper
governmental power is only extended in cases in which the assets, such as
governmental subsidy to discriminatory youth organizations
governments are not required to provide any notifications to individuals
governments can already pass residency restriction ordinances, and because the courts and CDCR should have the discretion to tailor
governments in order to facilitate increased licensing of dogs, especially given the lack of resources faced by animal control offices
governments making it more difficult to bring new jobs. According to the League of California Cities, "Cities are neither pro nor anti-big box
governments representing interest in the
governments to continue to provide the level of public services residents demand
governments to implement this measure
governments to make their own land-use decisions. It is wholly
governments would soon be under pressure from their own residents to
governments' interest in protecting communities from the impacts of tribal gaming
Governments, City of Modesto
governments, labor organizations and the State Lands Commission, all of which cite the environmental benefits and removal cost savings associated
Governor and the Attorney General
Governor as part of a major effort to upgrade the knowledge
Governor Brown, who said it was premature and would hinder the winding
Governor Newsom, introduced the "Proposal to Modernize California's Behavioral Health System" (the proposal) in March of 2023 and
Governor Schwarzenegger, in a letter to the Assembly and Senate leadership, states "California has a great opportunity to bring in additional federal
Governor signed legislation which established a supplemental payment program for MLKCH for inpatient Medi-Cal reimbursement with the goal of providing adequate and predictable funding
Governor to address the many teachers
Governor to assure all teachers are provided with professional development on standards
Governor to repeal and significantly revise the
Governor's budget as proposed provides for a state
Governor's proposed budget for FY 2025-26
Governor, who
grade testing scores are in the Academic Performance Index or whether the federal government requires second grade testing are not compelling
graders in ELA and mathematics once this new assessment system is operative
grades 7-12. Another conflict arises where two
graduate students
graduates from entering the field in a timely manner. ACTCM and PCOM
Graduates receiving post-secondary services also use fewer government-funded
graduates with any debt is about 25% below the national average
grand juries are no longer restricted to the unusual case, but are
grandfathered" all brand names in use as of the adoption of those regulations
Grant 'T' awards to be determined in the annual Budget Act
grant funding for still others, including public education used to
grant funding reverted ($38,000)
Grant funds may be used
grant funds to provide transportation for pupils to other schools within
grant intact, by rewarding communities working to increase their
granted approval for the waiver conditioned upon redesign of the payment
granted by our constitution to voters. The League notes the affected
granted by the state, subject to renewal or revocation
granting credits against the two-year term of commitment. All
granting DHS the authority to revoke a hospital's license an
Granting the Court the discretion to order
grants funded by the contributions
grants to gamble, it is not clear that is what was happening in these
Gray Panthers (all from Assembly Committee on Public Safety
Gray Panthers (all from Assembly Committee on Public Safety analysis)
Greater California Livery Association -- END -- [1]"An Analysis of the Labor Market for Uber's Driver-Partners in the United States," by Jonathan V. Hall and Alan B. Kreuger
greater enforcement of the existing consultation requirement
greater freedom. The demand for part-time hygienists is less
greater labor unrest and lawlessness during labor disputes
greater risk.... [Translation requirements] would be costly since translators
greater transparency, increase the overall value of the benefit and possibly reduce premium costs
greatly appreciates the amendments taken by the author, but still seeks a
greatly hinders the ability of local governments to best utilize their
greenhouse gas emissions without negatively impacting system reliability
greenhouse gas on a per capita basis according to the CEC
greenhouse gas reductions
Greenlining Institute to allow the initial license fee to be waived
Grocers Association, California League of Food
grocery stores, tax revenues, property values, traffic, local wages and jobs
groomers have years of experience and are diligent in their work and care
groomers that are untrained and do not understand the basics of pet
groomers. In one case, a dog came in with nipples cut off in a grooming
grounds for undue hardship exemption, including if a prospective juror's
groundskeeping needs
group also writes
group home audits
group of residents and officials in the Calexico area concerned about
group of stakeholders. In opponents' view, the bill is a result of local
group of the Board's investigators. This makes no sense fiscally and flies in the face of much needed pension reform
group purchaser. Health Net writes that in the face of increasing premiums for O&P, some employers will pay
group purchasers of health coverage and that those who do
Group, East Bay (Oakland) Clean Cities
Group, L.P
Group, Western Center on Law & Poverty
grouped uniformly
groups against expanding access to alcohol
groups against the expansion of alcohol laws
groups also object to the bill because it is intended to
groups are concerned that the bill will, to too great an extent, usurp
groups are now neutral to the bill
groups conclude they fully
Groups Council has taken a neutral position in the bill
groups remain in support or opposition to the current
groups remain opposed to the bill
Groups representing commercial financing providers
Groups representing numerous private employers
groups representing seniors
groups representing shorthand reporters both in and out of government service
groups representing specific student populations (i.e., foster youth, English learners) and other appropriate organizations. The LCAP template
groups seeking to prevent the proliferation of alcohol
groups that advocate for hunters and hunting interests
groups to AB 791, with the latest amendments, may
groups who oppose abortion
groups with the common interest in reducing traffic related injuries and deaths in the county. The community collaborative includes
groups, "California ports and goods movement infrastructure went through a
groups, and health organizations
groups, including the California Medical Association and the California
groups, medical groups and insurers. While opponents also want
groups-oppose the bill due in part to concerns that making the public utilities the default provider of electricity and gas
grow to $7.7 billion in 2015 and $14.3 billion in 2020
growing customer preferences for paperless options
growing problem of alcohol consumption by minors. The sponsor
growing vehicle license fee fund pays for local costs
growth and governance policies
growth, coupled with a tuition freeze, could result in reduced access for students
growth. They
guaranteed principles through threats of financial harm is a gross
guaranty insurance to be mortgage insurance for
Guide to determine fleet values has led to unwarranted increases in
guidelines and that they are applied evenly, consistently and without hesitation
guidelines can be used to determine reasonable amounts for
guidelines have been updated to reflect new science or new vaccines. As a
guidelines must be given time to be implemented and reviewed" and that it was his expectation that "all hospitals in the state uphold their important commitment to the voluntary
guidelines or descriptions, it still
guidelines should be given a chance to work before standards
guidelines, transparency, drug safety and effectiveness. CSEA
guideposts in ongoing efforts to improve
guilty of a crime. We are concerned about creating exceptions from this
guilty of murder and attempted murder, and found that each defendant used
gun dealer and requires a background check, a 10-day waiting period
Gun registration is the first step toward ultimate and total
Gun registration is, of course, hardly new, and neither are its widely
h) clarify the Legislature's intent to maximize enrollment and retention of coverage through the Exchange
h) Legal issues, including discrimination based on disability, privacy issues, violations of medical rights and the denial of education based on refusal to vaccinate
h. Homeowners would be told the reasons that
HA further
HAC concludes that 10
HAC states they strongly
had grooming injuries that included burns [and] lacerations.... Many pet
had longer to appreciate, their savings have had longer to accumulate, they may have taken lump-sum payouts on their pensions and many are
had minimal start-up costs and generated revenue for the state General
had recently annexed inhabited land
had similar profiles in their health studies as the chemicals
had three glasses of wine at an after-work reception and whose BAC is
hairstylists and nail/skin technicians through such percentage wages
Handgun Act. Existing law allows for the purchase of a semi-automatic
handgun in a dormitory on an urban campus
handgun that is not on the roster if the weapon was first modified to
handgun. In addition, AB 295 (Corbett), Statutes of 1999, the Gun Show
handguns do not indicate when a bullet is in the chamber
handguns have fallen off the roster, were manufactured and/or purchased
handle sensitive personnel information, access financial records and public funds, or enter ratepayers' property as part of their job duties
handlers are often forced to pay extra charges and security deposits, while
handling and storage precautions
happen. The sales data are maintained in a highly secure environment
happens due to dealers going out of business or dealer or DMV errors
harassment programs further training relative to abusive conduct
hard choices and turning to the CalWORKs program due to economic hardship, loss of a job or a home, can be overwhelmed by the rules and requirements
hard to imagine why CDAA would prefer a more costly, troubled, ineffective option should DJJ's explorations result in more effective
hardship on families who lack access to those resources
harm the employee
harm the public....California should not continue to turn a
harm to the public, and that OSHPD could complete these
harmful actually happens
harming an animal is a wobbler, punishable by up to one year in
has already been resolved in the civil setting, subjecting the licensee to a type of double jeopardy
has also caused payment delays to providers because health
has an Information and Assistance Unit located in 24 places throughout
has attempted, through recent amendments, to clarify the circumstances under which an ISP could be subject to a civil
has become an essential element of community college success and yet the level of commitment to providing this
has been adopted, the author has not accepted an amendment
has been confusion as to which section to follow. Peace officers often
has been first negotiated and agreed to between the plan and the risk-bearing organization. SB 2007 (Speier), held in Senate
has been met for the month in which services were rendered. (h) For purposes of this section "debt collector" includes any person
has been passed by the Legislature. After twice vetoing prior attempts
has been provided
has been provided to Committee
has been provided. The form and content of those receipts shall be
has been removed after amendments to the bill taken in the policy
has been satisfied by reasonable suspicion, a degree of suspicion less than probable cause. These cases include
has been successful and has led to significant
has changed
has confirmed the unofficial
has eroded the ability of the program to fulfill its
has even broader
has heard it all before." Inevitably, this attitude "trickles down" to the defenders, who see the futility in pursuing investigations, appointing
has helped millions of low-income Californians afford college. They note
has increased by about 45 percent since the 1993 reforms, and that other benefit increases also have resulted
has issued a check to an individual or other business, or a life
has literally spent hundreds of millions of dollars to buy short-term
has made it clear that the current administration of the Drinking Water
has no opposition
has no opposition. 3) All but two of the 117 claims are for stale-dated warrants (expired checks)
has no opposition. 3) All of the 155 claims are for stale-dated warrants
has no opposition. 3) Erroneous conviction claim - $162
has no opposition. 3) Erroneous Conviction Claims. a) Ronald Ross
has no opposition. 3) The largest claim - $162
has no opposition. All but two of the 117 claims are for stale-dated warrants (expired checks)
has no relation to affordable housing and places additional financial
has not been appointed within 90 days of a court session, as
has not been included in the budget and that the AAP has
has only worsened in recent years, putting a greater
has passed to evaluate the impact of the law
has proven itself to be operational and during a period where
has provided support letters on the bill from
has restricted the use of methylene chloride, perchloroethylene and trichloroethylene in degreasing and cold
has suggested an amendment requiring the concurrence of the sheriff
has taken an opposeposition. They
has uncovered few instances of registered offenders engaged in criminal conduct
hasn't... Data published by the Bureau reflects that for the four-year
hastily late in the session
HAVA provides two major sources of funding to states to
have a compliant human trafficking policy and awarding companies for
have a degree from an accredited school of social work
have a fiscal impact. AB 1801 is currently pending on the Senate Floor
have a negative economic impact on the community and more directly, on
have a right to uncensored information about the candidates
have access to record sealing in order to successfully reintegrate to
have adequate resources to perform their jobs and
have already been rising substantially. Additionally, one
have an adverse impact on workers and the communities they are sited in
have attempted to draft a definition that would be sufficiently
have become heavily dependent on contributions from charitable bingo. In
have been added to California's day care and school-entry statute for a
have been and continue to be a critical component in improving California's
have been battered by women
have been deceased for many years
have been ignorant of the law's application to their business
have been inconsistent with the commission's parameters and guidelines
have been received for AB 489 as proposed to be amended with RN
have been reported to Law Enforcement, a parent or guardian taking their
have been shown to improve the health and development
have been shown to lead to reduced length of stay in the ED and efficient utilization of inpatient psychiatric beds. According to Cal-ACEP
have but would be required to purchase at a cost of $29 ($14 for the birth certificate needed to then purchase the $15 drivers license or other identification) which could be deemed
have come under particular scrutiny for practices used to recruit
have concluded that such a threshold is likely unattainable
have demonstrated the broad public
have distinct problems re-entering society, and have difficulty achieving
have expressed concern with certain provisions of the bill
have given consent to having their blood or urine tested to determine
have greater climate benefits
have instituted the policy described above. UC also
have interest in working on process and definitions contained in SB
have large in-stadium crowds for their games
have little impact on drug supplies and that the bill's
have medical, mental health and substance abuse needs. Our member
have more confidence in convictions
have no California income tax return filing requirement and requiring
have not been to medical school, to independently diagnose and treat
have not detected dioxin in tampons at parts per trillion
have not met the guidelines
have nothing to fear. In fact, only drunk drivers need worry
have political implications
have probable cause
have proof that the specimens in the exhibitions died of natural causes and the exhibition does not constitute a threat to public health
have required ARB and the Energy Commission to take specified steps to
have seen dogs with various injuries suffer at the hands of untrained
have steadily been replaced or partially replaced with revenue restricted
have submitted an application in conjunction with a union
have taken these past several years. They
have the necessary authority to reach back and use the evidence they may
have the same due process rights as minors subject to
have the same waiver authority as school districts, in large part because
have their bases in hormonal or other physical problems, including malnutrition, and that tax dollars would be better
have these devices in place
have to adhere to a discount price requirement imposed by the state. Also, by extending the adoption cycle from six to
have to complete before the employee is eligible for permanent status
have to develop regulations to define "excessive
have to estimate the amount of property tax revenue lost by
have to issue the notice prior to the release of the state budget May
have urged consideration of the Kaiser CalPERS HMO product as a benchmark instead of the small- group product identified in the bill
have violated escheat law to escape paying interest on
have voiced their
have written in opposition
Havice). Neutral
having a labor representative on the Executive Committee as contemplated
having a lower declination rate." And Blue Cross writes
having continued meaningful conversations in attempting to
Having employee representatives at the table to help craft the peer
Having safe and stable housing
Having two sworn peace officers working together full-time will provide for some measure of enforcement, which, if publicized, will help deter illegal dumping by the many who currently
having voluntary relations or is being sexually abused
Having worked with the survey in these areas CalCIMA
hazardous foods because they can support the rapid growth of infectious and toxigenic microorganisms that cause "food
hazardous waste and construction debris are often left or drift onto private lands. In response
HCAI assumes this is a one-year activity and
HCAI estimates it will also require $1 million in FY 2024-25
HCD Development to make the fund more flexible
HCD has submitted a letter of opposition with
HCD is supportive of removing the sunset date on
HCD would be required to create an online form for LEAs to express interest and provide a public-facing resource hub
HCDs and the Association of Health Care Districts oppose
he has been in an accident. An alleged accident with a pedestrian that is
Heal the Bay is pleased to sponsor and offer its strong
Health Access California has a support if amended position, requesting that
Health Access seeks amendments to AB 8 to limit the share of cost that
health agencies charged with enforcing CURFFL, writes that
Health and dental plans and insurers, as well as business interests
health and environmental organizations. It appears that this opposition
Health and Safety and Workers' Compensation, paints an incomplete
health and substance abuse funds. Counties, in turn, would be required to contract with local programs that
health benefits exchange. By pre-enrolling incarcerated individuals, counties can get a jump on providing wrap-around services to the most
Health care benefits are not specifically listed but if they were part of the collective bargaining agreement they would be considered enforceable obligations
health care costs
health care increasingly unaffordable as costs rise over time. CBP also
health care information technology systems, and requests an
health care management. The requirement to include a voting member on
health care options, this comes at the price of increased
health care providers and health plans to require Medi-Cal to reimburse all requesting/treating providers
health care providers the criteria used to credential
health care services and medical assistance, to those
health care services that the state is required to recover under
health care to uninsured individuals and to demonstrate the potential for reductions in the cost of services provided
health care. CAHP
health clinics, as well as free-standing primary and specialty
health concern for consumers. These opponents
health coverage protects consumers and has returned millions in rebates
health coverage to their employees
Health Curriculum Framework already includes a topic of environmental health, intended to make students aware
health disability under its provisions
Health Environmental Coalition, Kirsch
health established by the Legislature, needlessly confuses the public, and potentially jeopardizes patient care. CMA
health facilities including the California
health insurance because of these costs. The Chamber of Commerce is concerned that this mandate and the possible
health insurance costs. Opponents
health insurance coverage. UC
health insurance prior to offering the insurance, because
Health insurance trade groups oppose some of these
health insurance. Business groups express opposition to this
Health insurers and business groups
Health insurers and labor groups also
Health insurers generally
health needs of the children that SHCs serve. They also indicate that
Health Net has expressed some preliminary concerns with
Health Net has leaned into opportunities
Health Net indicates that its call centers, which support
Health Net writes that current law allows plans and purchasers to negotiate the terms of their coverage, and to adjust the benefit maximums and out of pocket
Health Officers Association of California and supported by numerous health care providers
Health Officers Association of California has a
Health Organization, the National Association of School
health plan contracts or health insurance policies to conform to
health plan may stop using the plan's services. The health
health plan or medical group because the doctor has
health plan would be prohibited from contesting a claim after
health plan. Supporters say only accurate directories can avoid exposure
health plans (the Knox-Keene Act) but the provisions of this
Health plans and business groups
Health plans and employer groups
Health plans and health insurers opposed the prior version
Health plans and health insurers were
Health plans and insurers also
Health plans and insurers are
Health plans and insurers are opposed raise a number of concerns, including the following
Health plans and insurers oppose mandated
Health plans and insurers oppose provisions that require
health plans and insurers who
Health plans and insurers, as well as pharmacy benefit
health plans and PBMs
health plans and physician groups
Health plans and the California Medical
health plans and their members across the country. According
Health plans are opposed to disclosing the declination rate because it will allow "gaming" by consumers
Health Plans of California (LHPC), which focused on the carve-out of family planning services from Medi-Cal managed
Health plans seek to narrow the scope of the bill in several
health plans should not be discouraged from scrutinizing
health plans suggest policymakers should instead focus on controlling the underlying cost pressures of prescription drugs
health plans to publish, on each contract and related
health plans would have an "overpowering financial interest
Health plans, insurers and one employer coalition
Health plans, insurers and pharmacy benefit managers oppose
Health plans, medical groups and IPAs would be required to
health professionals, as specified. The current statutes only specify the inclusion of certain young people, "provided there are available persons
health service providers along with county human services and probation
Health Services Department Mental Health Division, Martinez California
health services statewide. The current balance for the Proposition 63 funds is over $710 million. To date, the revenue generated from this proposition has brought in almost
health services to those in need
health services would ensure that women in any reproductive health or
health systems have also failed to comprehensively
Health to ensure that California licensees were on staff at
health treatment and $55.2 million for substance abuse treatment
Health, Bureau of Environmental Health Management
health-care expenditures
health. The framework includes expectations for
health. Under the current certification process, the ARB works
healthcare districts will be impacted by these new requirements. While
healthcare system. UC
healthcare, especially for foster youth, who tend to have greater and more complex health care needs than other children, and account for a
healthy meals that
hear a diagnosis of breast cancer. Other supporters
heard in this committee on January 10, 1996 and which would
heard on 5/15/95. According to the authoros
heard regarding the pending release of these offenders and that local
hearing aid test
hearing and hearing loss cases. In addition, supporters point to increased
Hearing Employment (CASE) American Federation of State
hearing in the Senate Appropriations Committee
hearing in the Senate Public Safety Committee
hearing to determine whether there is probable cause to
hearing to ensure employers have equal protections under the law and the ability to present information
hearing-related issues associated with an aging workforce, and suggest that
heavily dependent on contributions from charitable bingo. In order to keep
Heavy rainfall further increases cross-border flows and causes an average of 109 million gallons per day of polluted water to flow across the border into the United
heavy-duty trucks
height, and thus do not form the basis of a fair comparison. Other
heinous and reprehensible. It is not good public policy to
held Chinese tradition and efforts should focus on better enforcement of existing prohibitions against the practice of shark finning
held for two years or until the Director of DMH finds the person is no
held responsibility for establishing the determinants of tenure and other
help alleviate financial barriers to equipment
help ensure that workers are not harmed by improper wage garnishments
help housing projects to be economically feasible. However, I do not
help identify strategies to maximize the number of nursing students that can graduate and help meet
help promote small business participation in state
help victims of crime heal and restore their lives, however, the approach (and implied link between violence and adult entertainment) within AB
helping to build or refurbish affordable housing and/or improve the energy efficiency of houses by installing technologies like paneling
helping to safeguard the community from illicit meth production
Hemophilia Council of California to establish standards in state law for the proper provision
Hemophilia Council of California to establish standards in state law for the proper storage and delivery of blood clotting products
Henderson, for example, in the Plata case, has directed the state to
her prior employers, or through an in-person interview to discuss the applicant's work experience, and discovers the applicant's protected
her psychotherapist a serious threat of physical violence against an
her ruling to prevent the local Classified School Employees
here if they reference the current provisions of the bill
HFP by allowing employers to deduct and transmit
high and permanent R&D tax credit currently provides a strong incentive
high cost-sharing. On balance
high drug prices by providing information about Canadian
high premiums. Opponents
High wealth school districts will receive 31% more per
high-deductible health policies coupled with tax advantages, MSAs will attract only the "healthy, wealthy and young" - that
high-deductible plans coupled with HSAs will be the most affordable way
high-risk inmates to ensure adequate supervision and successful and sustainable reentry in our communities
high-THC hemp into the cannabis supply chain at either the point of manufacturing or the point of retail." A coalition of 98 organizations including Youth Forward
higher administrative costs for some departments, including the State Controller, who oversees the system. The bill places new reporting and coordinating functions on the California Service
higher cost, thus setting up "a confusing two-tier structure that does
higher costs attributable to newborns
higher costs to SMUD ratepayers. The most recent amendments have
higher costs to SMUD ratepayers. The most recent amendments have attempted
Higher Education Leadership and Policy have highlighted the constraint
higher likelihood of committing more crimes than those who were given a
higher medical costs simply because they belong to a family. Other
higher pay in exempt departments, and that elimination of furloughs for
higher priority workload, particularly given the commission's limited
higher reimbursements from health plans. The sponsor
higher-cost specialists provide preventive care and treat minor conditions
highly individualized treatment settings
highly qualified teacher who has completed their training for every student in their neighborhood public schools and is committed to encouraging state and local policymakers to publicly
him. On October 28, 2008, the D.A. dismissed the charges against Rocha, citing the unavailability of witnesses. Rocha then filed a claim with the board for compensation related to erroneous conviction
himself of the opportunity to change a reference in current law
hinder progress on these efforts
hinder the PUCs' ability to ensure universal telephone services is
hire managers and supervisors, and will have a chilling effect
hires an individual as a computer programmer. The next year, the employee's uncle runs successfully for a seat on the school board, which subsequently causes the employee to lose his or her job
his burden of proof and on March 16, 2011, Carillo was released. A
his or her value conclusion
historic action and necessary
history and mental health of the defendant. This requires much more
history inquiry at the initial stage for positions specified by the agencies
history of having been at one time being found a danger to themselves or
history, due to fear that any such inquiry will ultimately lead to
history, the Roman Reed Spinal Cord Injury Research Program had provided
HIV/AIDS in
HMO members. Rather than reduce the scope of DOC five-year
HMO's typically have UR committees that determine
HMOs have not expressed a position on the latest
hoarders' have been known to collect too many animals than they can
hold public hearings prior to changes in administration of county medical facilities. Existing law also requires that
holder should not be eligible to compensation if the taking does not
holders, are governing boards, while the CCC BOG is a
holding a position
Hollywood Park (Wesson) continued
home healthcare workers is on the rise. The data on
home improvement contracts for seniors "does not allow for the flexibility needed by homeowners in this age bracket." The CMA
home-generated sharps and information about available
homeless individuals without prior written notification to the recipient county imposes an administrative accountability on
homeless patient in relocating to a different geographic
homelessness into consideration
Homelessness. The task force is comprised of department
Homeowners can
homeowners property, requiring the homeowner to pay the subcontractor
homeowners to defer payment of all, or a portion of, the property taxes
homeowners with an insurable home (SB 64)
homes at various stages of development to be completed, thereby creating
homes, in-home supportive services and other long term care
homicide hearing and trial cost process to alleviate
homosexuality... This code continues to mischaracterize sexual orientation
hospital and
Hospital Association (CHA) and the CNA was the inclusion of the term
Hospital Association (CHA). Supporters mostly include provider
hospital services contracts, reduce expensive contracting out
hospital to close. In such cases, the association
hospital to comply with the requirement to contact the plan
hospital-based nursing facilities, where employees and other
hospitality and tourism industry groups
hospitality industry groups and local restaurants
hospitals and clinics
hospitals and physician groups
hospitals and physicians sometimes "upcode" the severity of an
hospitals as well as provisions to assure that California
hospitals bill the uninsured the highest rates for care, often much higher than the rates billed to insured
hospitals for emergency health care services if a contract does not
hospitals of the administrative burden of compiling this
hospitals on several grounds
hospitals that does not address the complex problem of identifying appropriate resources for the homeless population
hospitals to provide to medical providers information
Hospitals welcome yet another tool
hospitals' billing practices and their impact on the uninsured illustrates the gravity of the problem
hospitals, medical facilities and lodging accommodations need to stay
hospitals, some of the provisions of AB 2745 create
hospitals. County Behavioral Health Directors Association cites numerous
hosting a wet t-shirt contest, are they subject to the proposed tax
hotel that purportedly uses half of its room to house sex offenders
hotel/motel that will accommodate their dog. SAR responders don't have
hotels/motels do not allow dogs, and many others have limits on the size of dogs such 20 or 30 pounds. Almost all SAR dogs are 30 to 90 pounds
hotline will frustrate, not alleviate, a patient's ability to
hotlines already available, and that compliance with providing
hour, as of January 1, 2012 and provided for the automatic adjustment of the minimum wage each year by the percentage of inflation as measured by
hourly employees who are paid minimum wage
hours of care and other reductions to those served by IHSS workers
hours per month. Both companies
House of Representatives and Senate, or by an application of 2/3rds of the
household batteries, thereby encouraging producers to reduce that cost
Household Education Survey, conducted by the United States Department of Education, almost half of all parents reported volunteering or serving on
household items
houses that already comply, and burden transactions with
Housing Act (FEHA) that are more objective, determining who is a victim
housing and health organizations write
Housing Association Individual rental property owners (4)
housing for people with drug and alcohol addictions. Neighboring local
housing gives counties and cities the power to not only spur economic
housing is the key to preventing sex offenders from re-offending. Both
housing needs to propose specific consideration without evidence that
housing projects using a TBL investment strategy. Several states, including Massachusetts, Florida, and Michigan have created statewide
housing projects. They
housing security, while still requiring the same level of access to legal
housing unit in the state, should not be abandoned. TURN
housing. The San Luis Obispo Housing Trust Fund (SLOHTF), received $1.5
housing. They are also required to use their limited funds to
how and when to use their time on the job
How can we mandate new
how the economic profiling system considers severity of illness, age, case-mix and other factors, and would
however the absence of formal certifications or training requirements can leave early learning providers needing more training and development to sufficiently
however the TVHD now faces an 18-month project delay, threatening continued access to critical health care services in this
however they rigorously
however we are
However, a review by this committee of a current sales contract
However, a simpler conversion process would not necessarily encourage corporations to physically leave California
However, according to BuildStrong California
However, as now proposed to be amended, SB 1591 would
However, because different microbial strains can have different effects, strain-level identification is important for substantiating
However, by allowing Mello-Roos taxes to be imposed on homeowners to
However, by dumping the costs on local law enforcement, in a time where
However, CGCC
However, CHA
However, CHBRP
However, CHLA
However, CHSRA
However, clever music pirates have started to take advantage of more
However, CLRC also
However, contentious testimony provided during the policy committee
However, COPA
However, CRD
However, DHCS
However, DPH
However, due to the timing of the amendments and their
However, DWR estimates it would realize significant costs - $32 million, DWR
However, federal law recognizes that
However, HOME
however, I am concerned that remaking a ballot that contains personal
However, if election activity increases in the future, ALRB
However, illicitly manufactured fentanyl and other illegally produced opioids are increasingly found in the drug supply and contribute to a dramatic rise in drug overdose deaths in the United
However, in an undated "oppose unless amended" letter submitted by the CSU Academic Senate
However, in an undated "oppose" letter submitted by the CSU Academic Senate
However, in other cases, it may be possible for the condemning entity to
However, it
however, large property owners likely will. Therefore, this
However, many California CDR companies are not developing projects in California but in other
However, most of its new provisions were added to address problems faced
However, PL 280 did not provide funding to the
However, questions have been raised as to whether habeas petitions are the exclusive avenue for a post-conviction RJA challenge or whether individuals can file
however, raises a number of unanswered questions
However, regarding those provisions of the bill that
However, Secretary of State Kevin Shelley
However, statutorily requiring the project environmental impact report to
However, the Act did not decrease the threat of de facto elimination
However, the AG's Office
However, the AGO also
However, the Animal Legal Defense fund estimates 2 million pets are stolen on average each year in the United
However, the California Orthotic and Prosthetic Association (COPA)
However, the California Rural Legal Assistance Foundation (CRLAF), who
However, the Chamber
However, the CPUC also
However, the CSU remains opposed to AB 2447 as it
However, the Education Code
However, the employer community was unable to reach any agreement on
However, the Interpreters Guild of America (IGA)
However, the Privacy Agency
However, the reality of continued rising employer costs has made competing with other
However, there is a question as to whether or not it is appropriate for a
however, there is no limitation
However, there is no requirement for the Secretary to collaborate or communicate with other countries
however, they note the title
However, this change might be challenged in court because
However, those bills differed in that AB 339 sought to only expand access for the public, and AB 361's allowances for legislative bodies are confined to
However, those petitions urge support for a bill that "mandates clear and prominent disclosure of the true funders behind ballot measure...ads
However, to assist in the effort to promote skin cancer
However, UCI
However, using information from its April 2020 survey, CDE
however, we would
However, with the introduction of AB 367, the Judicial Council is aware
HSP falls short of its full potential to maximize the number of healthy soils practices implemented throughout the state. In 2020
HSP is not structured to maximize these benefits. AB 406 prioritizes HSP applicants who propose to implement multiple healthy soils practices
huge influx of resources (equipment, personnel, and possible larger facilities)
human dignity and the respect for all people is the foundation on
human diversity
human egg donations associated with the delivery of fertility treatment and requires donors to fertility treatment centers be provided with medically
Humane Society of the United States and supported by several other groups
Humane Society to establish the regulation of pet insurance and to increase consumer protections in this area
hundreds if not thousands of health care providers who would
Hundreds of agents and brokers, including one that wrote
hundreds of billions of dollars in unfunded pension liability for its
Hundreds of brokers, contingent upon passage without a cap
Hundreds of people leave our mental health crisis facility every month with little more
hundreds or thousands of dollars in additional costs. Finally
hunger and healthcare. Though UC has made some attempts in this regard
Hunting, firearms and agricultural organizations
Husky Club wrote, "mandatory spay/neuter laws have been tried in multiple
Hydrogen and fuels coalitions have
hydrogen fueling stations will be needed
hydrogen production companies
hydrolysis is a safe, environmentally friendly way to handle human
hygienists to provide preventative services to consumers with
hygienists will place a burden on the Bureau to significantly
hypothetical school. In 1999-2000, there were 8,549
I also
I also wanted to see how future United
I am committed to working with the federal
I am not persuaded that it is necessary to bar gun ownership on the basis
I am not supportive of this measure because I do not
I am pleased to express
I am returning SB 548 without my signature, because the bill
I am returning Senate Bill (SB) 1474 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 1 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 1020 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 1059 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 1064 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 1066 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 1088 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 1094 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 1125 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 1133 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 1207 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 121 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 1220 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 123 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 1235 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 127 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 1289 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 1303 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 1328 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 1337 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 1348 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 1363 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 137 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 14 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 1406 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 1414 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 169 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 185 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 205 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 249 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 277 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 279 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 284 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 299 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 320 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 338 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 345 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 35 without my signature
I am returning Senate Bill 36 without my signature
Department of Finance (DOF) writes that it
Department of Finance also
Document submitted to the Legislature by the IBank and CPCFA, January
Education workers constantly are providing
Finally, CAFF
FISCAL COMMENTS The Assembly Appropriations Committee
FISCAL COMMENTS The Senate Appropriations Committee
has also repeatedly - under both Democratic and Republican Administrations - stated its full
HJTA must
I am unable
I strongly
In a joint letter
In its
In the United
interests, including the California Chamber of Commerce, the California
It also
it may expedite the need for a fee increase
law is unclear regarding whether a court can
Numerous environmental groups write
Numerous organizations write
Organizational Endorsements for the California Forward 2010 Reform
Several cities are
I am signing SB 664, legislation requires the California Postsecondary Education Commission (CPEC)
I am supportive of efforts to expand access to
I am supportive of funding for the modernization of community college facilities, and I will give serious
I am supportive of the FLP and appropriated $876,000
I am supportive of the joint-use facilities projects when they actually
I am tempted to sign this measure
I am writing on behalf of Treatment Advocacy Center to express
I am writing to ex-press our
I am writing to express our
I am writing to express our strong
I am writing to register our
I believe it is inappropriate to reduce the number
I believe that current law already provides sufficient criminal and civil liability
I believe the State's information technology
I cannot support providing additional tax credits that will make balancing the state's budget even more difficult. Tax credits
I continue to encourage all the agencies and departments to use the CPR recommendations as
I don't
I encourage the Legislature and any other interested
I encourage the Legislature to consider alternative measures that could effectively deter dangerous speeding without imposing further financial or administrative strain on the DMV
I extend my deepest sympathies to the families of the murder victims for the tragedy that has befallen
I have
I have always been committed to ensuring that every child receives a
I included in my 1999-2000 budget $8,800,000 for
I note, however, that Val Verde Unified School
I proudly sponsor SB 631 which will broaden the accessibility of the CSRLF Program by modifying eligibility criteria and increasing loan amounts
I recently signed Senate Bill 840 (Limón)
I regret to inform you that we are
I request that the Controller accelerate the county
I respect and
I see no compelling reason to take this protection away from seniors
I strongly urge the affected counties to submit
I support the provisions of the bill relating to
I support the worthy goal to improve the performance
I support trying to create stability in the housing market and I realize
I understand 's desire to stop fraudulent voter registration
I urge you to consider the unintended negative impacts of AB 908 (Solache) and
I vetoed. While well-intended, the choice of whether or not to offer
I want to commend Senator Correa for his great work championing the causes of veterans. I agree with the Senator's goal to make sure our
I want to express our
I welcome the opportunity to work with all parties
I wholeheartedly agree with the goal of this legislation. Proposition
I would also suggest language allowing for the establishment of the Personnel Commission at zero cost to the district by utilizing existing Compton Community College District Human Resources staff
I would ask that as soon as it reconvenes, the Legislature send me
I would ask the medical community to work with my Administration next
I would be open to revisiting this issue. There are
I would be willing, however, to consider responsible
I write in strong
I write to express my strong
I write to inform you that we must respectfully
I'm writing
i. The bill be single joined to SB 64, as was done
i.e preventing discrimination against LGBT students
i.e. those who sell to brokers and from there on
i.e. those who sell to brokers and from there on to pet stores
i] (FERPA, 20 U.S.C. § 1232g
i]mposing unnecessary regulation on the emerging EV industry threatens
Idaho and Louisiana have enacted laws in recent years encouraging voluntary contributions for the American Red Cross on their respective income tax forms
ideal. The Board suffers an inability to retain its investigators on a
identifiable victim, or when a person is admitted into a facility because
identification and treatment of hearing loss results in
identification document. A deceptive document is one that
identification is greatly increased through these basic
identified a significant risk that the employee could be hired by another
identified Carillo as the shooter was not credible. The court also
identified in the bill itself
identified in the report. The report noted that a certain Caltrans
identify a funding source, the costs of the commission will be borne by
identify the individual fees assessed on the invoice provided to the applicant. AB 1801 was not heard in this committee because it did not
identify the type of shark from which a fin came
identify, audit and issue reports on any local government agency the State Auditor identifies as being at high risk for the potential of waste, fraud, abuse or mismanagement
identifying information compromises ballot secrecy and increases the opportunity for fraud
identifying the enforceable obligations and/or debts of the former
identifying volunteers and the associated training
identity and expression as a protected class
identity theft. Current law imposes severe penalties for these
identity, for an unlimited number of years. With no time limitations, opponents
If a commission
If a defendant
If a delayed effective date is accepted, should the sunset also be extended? This is a DOI sponsored bill, AB 2316, of ? and it currently has several similar programs involving
If a manufacturer and/or retailer inadvertently offers a product labeled for the other 49
if a no-cost option is offered with no required verification besides self
If a person is not a citizen of the United
if a PLA was entered into within the last year or two
If a safety workers
if a student cannot abide by those teachings
if amended position on SB 483, and seeks amendments to require the state to
if amended position stating that it
if amended] CA Building Industry Assoc
if amended] League of CA Cities
If an employee reasonably
If an inmate commits a crime while incarcerated in the state prison, they are typically housed at the local county jail in the jurisdiction where the crime occurred upon their prison release date
if any
if any changes came about due to the latest version
If California implemented Nursys, it would have to recognize the licenses of nurses from the eight
If California were to enact SB 483, it would join the over thirty other
If Caltrans
If compelling circumstances exist that mitigate against
if convicted
If data is shared refinery by refinery, the Western
if determined to be a specialty mental health service
If hospitals are to be prohibited from addressing this common problem
If it appears to the prosecutor, the court, or the probation department
if it had been established that at least 50 percent of the employees to
if not entirely excluding
if observation services are defined as a specialty mental health service by DHCS
If one of the professionals performing the examination to determine
If rental property owners inquire about a tenant's language, they risk discrimination
if requested
If sought, there is a jury trial to determine whether beyond a
if state law is not re-enacted, many immigrants, including
If that is the case
If the ARB determines that the application is not complete, ARB must
if the crime is directly and adversely substantially related to the qualifications, functions, or duties of the business or profession for which
If the district
if the emergency department is a financial burden upon the rest of the hospital, the facility may not be able to sustain
If the employer inquires into the applicant's relevant background either
if the food claims to be a beverage containing vegetable or fruit juice
If the law is rewritten as proposed in SB 857 to ensure that there will
If the Legislature
if the one-year statute of limitations imposed for notice in Government
if the pharmacy is registered with a local health department
If the report-writing deputy did not see whether the first officer was hit, and the deputy simply
if the testing shows that the U.S. EPA action level of 15 parts per billion (ppb) is exceeded
if there appeared to be a sales practice problem
If there are insufficient resources in the DROS Fund
If these funds and positions are not transferred to the new Conservancy, DOF
If these resources are not approved in the budget, ARB
if they are able to purchase more affordable health care or are covered
if they merely change development patterns within the state. If an
If this provision is adopted as part of the resources trailer
If you are unsure about the immigration consequences, you should assume that your plea will result in deportation, exclusion from the United
If, for whatever reason, the family chooses to relocate to another state, an adoption decree assures that the parents' legal relationship with their child will be upheld, even in
If, post-DEJ, the minor is convicted or adjudicated for any felony, or
ignores the importance of a transparent revenue structure
ii. Language duplicating AB 81 should be deleted from
IID also responds that it does not
III activities, a state must certify that it has implemented
iii. The remaining language should be placed into a
ill individuals at risk
illegal (uncertified) parts which can increase emissions
illegal activities. In either case, the additional data on gun theft is
illegal activity such as DUI
illegal diversion. Triplicate forms provide evidence in the prosecution of diversion cases, since each prescription is
illegal dumping threatens the ability for farmers and ranchers to
illegal kickbacks are a problem
illegally manufacture controlled substances not only goes
Illness (NAMI) California cites significant concerns that the bill limits
illness or complexity of a procedure in order to collect
illness. The California Applicants' Attorneys Association
illogical and could result in the University being prohibited from
illustrators, graphic designers, and photographers who are
images, or to simply look away, is both a responsibility and valued
IMGs are physicians who received their medical education outside the United
immediately report to DMHC if it ceases to operate
Immigrant Rights Commission writes the following
Immigrants deserve to have a credible opportunity to live safely in the United
immigration audits, Immigration & Customs Enforcement (ICE) raids, and implementation of e-verify as retaliation
immune systems, gum disease, hip fractures, kidney damage, dental fluorosis, and skeletal fluorosis. They also
Immunization Program (under the authority of the CDC)
impact a donor's ability to receive a charitable deduction for
impact of HST on the valley. It should provide tools to support Transit
impact the requirements of Proposition 103
Impact to small businesses
impact volunteers' willingness to participate in these activities: CSU
impacted by this issue
impacts of SB 2 (Burton), Chapter 673, Statutes of 2003 are assessed
impacts to the State for the increased incarceration costs of re
impairment of a vintner's ability to contract
Impairments J Appl Behav Anal. 2010 Summer
impartiality and bolster confidence from labor and management
impeded progress in this area. The community colleges view the CTF cap
Imperial County Office of letters from members of the sponsoring Coalition and ACCAP
Imperial County, which claims to receive more OHV
implement a student success plan until the colleges first receive funding
implement and
implement broad-based revenue measures to fill the looming budget gaps
implement discrete actions within the SJVUAPCD 's regulatory
implement the Central Valley Flood Protection Plan, and will allow for a
implement the utilization review statute
implement the utilization review statute. Because there is logic to this
implement, reasonably within the scope of, or expressly
implementation and overall state and local criminal justice policy development
implementation challenges for cities and counties within the Sacramento
implementation of the multi-benefit projects in the Yolo Bypass and
implementation plan that contains specified elements and also requires the county to consult with specified
implementation plan to include a plan for the development
Implementation Plan, January 31, 2007," recommends that motorcycle
implemented the change
implemented. DDS has said that the issue of payment via the regional
implementing a universal formulary would undermine their
implementing agency - the Department of Community Services and Development (Department) - should be charged with approving the funding plan - as
implication, organic disease. CPA
implications of moving uninsured working poor families to a
implications. The ARB has reported that the average motorcycle with a
implied' consent. For example, your high-school senior is asked by a
implies that the subject matter of the required course is more
important first step that meets the essential requirements
important first step toward a major improvement of the entire
important investment in this program as we move forward toward federal
important perspective currently absent from the authority and ensure that
important programs. I have supported measures in the past which would have capped the amount of ERAF going
important questions of inappropriate pressure on appraisers and conflicts
important situations. The bill requires employers to ratify tentative
important than other subjects and could potentially compromise
important that we do not increase costs on credit union members who want
importantly, hurt the customers they serve
Importantly, the process
imported from Canada. Finally, opponents also
importers. The opponents
impose a lesser sentence of 25-years-to-life. We agree with the propriety of existing law in this regard and therefore oppose any
impose a new mandate on small businesses at a time of economic uncertainty
impose punitive measures for decisions made by local voters that are
impose restrictions to avoid "overconcentration" in their communities
impose such counseling when to do so would be a waste of resources
impose unnecessary and costly state-specific requirements. Some of the carriers
imposes burdensome requirements in a time when school districts are
imposes rigid and punitive requirements on hospitals to
imposes significant new requirements on DOC licensed escrow agents for
imposing new silos, costs, and liabilities surrounding the timely
imposing PLAs on certain projects, but allows the city to consider a PLA
imposing this tax will reduce oil production and new exploration in the state, resulting in job losses in that industry, and increase the state's
Imposition of a penalty of unprofessional conduct
imposition of damages against vendors is unfair and sets a
impossible for the direct response insurer to provide a written summary of a
impossible for the DOI to enforce this section without
impossible to analyze. Pharmavite
impossible to provide the urgently needed care
impossible to track if those subsidies contribute to the creation of jobs
impractical, if not impossible. CRA cites difficulties such as
imprisoned. The measure limits this new habeas to only those
imprisonment in the state prison
imprisonment, and dozens were committed for such offenses as pimping or
improper or overbroad applications can be challenged under California′s anti-SLAPP law or on First Amendment grounds
improve care in underserved areas and therefore requests an
improve consumer's access to the DOC and ultimately facilitate
improve flexibility while maintaining the authority of the Insurance
improve regulation of licensed midwifery, and we
improve the administration of federal elections. Section 101
improved procedures, and better use economies of scale by
Improvement Grant (SIG), which is a competitive grant to school districts
improvement in patient outcomes. Finally, opponents
Improvement Program (STIP), which is the states
Improvement Task Force, and "by ignoring that clear notice, the author has insisted on and received the promised veto
improvement. What California needs is a common sense approach to its
Improving Colton, Coalition for Clean Air, Commerce City Council
IMR is not necessarily a faster process: DMHC data show it took an average of 6 days to review expedited IMR cases and 21 days for standard IMR cases
in 10 years
In 1953, the United
In 2002, the United
in 2008 to two related bills (see below)
in 2008, a devastating funding shortfall would be likely and the liability will be left to a state which is already struggling
in 2008-09 for the purpose of assisting charter schools with their costs
In 2008-09, there were 6.3 million pupils enrolled in California schools
in 2008. I still encourage California youth to engage in the public
In 2012, a comprehensive reorganization of the state's administrative
in 2012, compromising the social security numbers of potentially
in 2015 and 63,400 in 2020
In 2017, Medi-Cal paid almost $78 million for more than 293,000 orthotic and prosthetic
In 2018, workers who earned less than $20,000 a year made up over 38% of the state's workforce, yet they only represent 24% of total
In 2019, the trial court found for plaintiffs on both
In 2020, [United
In 2021
In 2022, after a video of a rifle bolted to the back of a 'robodog' went viral
In 2022, Alabama, Oregon, Tennessee, and Vermont joined Nebraska (2020), Utah (2020), and Colorado (2018) as
In 2022, there were 221,761 unlimited civil cases, 362,607 limited civil cases, and 66,821 small
In 2023, the National Consumer Law Center conducted a survey across 18
in 2023-24 for one limited-term staff position
in 2024-25 and ongoing
in 2028-29
in 56 of the state's counties. The county VSOs
In a coalition
in a common interest development must provide a number of specified documents to a purchaser prior to transferring
in a decrease in the reimbursement rates for specialists, which has the potential to drive those doctors out of the system, thus creating an
in a delay in providers being paid
in a facility, and this should be taken into consideration as part of the
in a health system that makes it difficult for mental health
In a joint letter of opposition, Apple, Cisco, Dell, IBM, Google, HP, Motorola, Xerox, the Consumer Electronics Retailers
In a joint letter of support, this coalition
In a joint sign-on letter, the sponsor, the League of Cities
In a June 10
In a letter my Administration received on Senate Bill
In a letter removing
in a manner that is meaningful for citizens
In a mechanic's lien dispute you typically have an
in a more cost-effective and efficient manner because it will have the needed flexibility to choose consultants for services that best meet the needs of the agency and the public
in a park or any other 'public place' where children congregate, even if
in a phased out manner. The author committed to consider these
in a settlement payment ($20,000)
in a significant cost savings to the state by establishing
in a state hospital
in a supportposition
in a time where
in a timely manner. Allowing patients to be medicated more quickly, thus
In a veto of a similar bill last year, I indicated that
in AB 279 (Frazee). The fact remains that they are legal
in Agriculture, Howard Jarvis Taxpayers
In all other
In an "Oppose" letter from the Pacific Coast Renderers Association and the California Grain and Feed Association
In an "Oppose" letter, the Transportation Solutions Defense and Education Fund, TRANSDEF
in an alternative custody program
In an effort to claim the title to a tidelands property in San Diego in order to develop it for commercial use
in an effort to cover its expenses. In the early 1990s, the board received a $45 million GF loan, which has never been repaid
in an infraction, citation, or a juvenile adjudication. (e) A board may deny a license regulated by this code on the ground that the applicant knowingly made a false statement of fact
in and paid
in annual General Fund costs of $9 million. Although
In any of these cases, SB 731
in appropriate cases. AB 1384 will amend Penal Code section 1203.4a to
In attempting to protect the elderly who have overpaid
In August 2007, the parties reached a settlement agreement, which
in bond debt and a significant budget deficit. The association
in Boy Scouts of America et al. v. Dale the U.S
in California (AOCUC)
in California and that conducting the proposed study "would be
in California elections. Vendors and elections officials alike
in California provides evidence of rehabilitation for employment and licensing purposes and removes barriers to employment and housing
In California, efforts to provide a self-direction option to consumers in
in California, Inc. (CIVIC, Inc.)
In California, organic farmers are required to report to the United
in California. Supporters also note AB 2381 does not place AOC employees
in California. The proponents also
in certain aspects of the collective bargaining process. Opponents note
in certain specialized subject areas. They
in child
in Children and Youth."Social Service Review 71.2 (1997): 231-256
In column 1, "MWD" means Municipal Water District
In column 2, "% of AV" means a member agency's share of the Metropolitan Water District's total assessed valuation
In Combs v. Texas Entertainment Association, Inc. (2011) 347 S.W.3d 277, the Texas Supreme Court reviewed a state statute requiring any business
In concluding CalTax
In concluding CASRA
In concluding PFAC
In concluding, DBSA
In concluding, NASW-CA
In conclusion ACF
In conclusion CCAPP
In conclusion SEARAC
In conclusion, Access California
In conclusion, CBHDA
In conclusion, CPA
In conclusion, DBSA
In conclusion, DHCS
in consumers receiving misleading information that will not assist them in
in contract funds
In contrast, multi-state insurers headquartered in uncertified
In contrast, PT Postponement loans were assigned "judgment lien" status, which placed them in line to be paid off after the liens recorded before
in coordinating care, and would weaken plan quality assurance
In correspondence shared with 's office, the SSCCC
in criminal activity at the time he or she could be merely standing on
in crisis, resulting in increased incarceration rates for individuals
In Cunningham, the Supreme Court of the United
In December 2008, the Sacramento Superior Court overturned a portion of this settlement related to the administration of insulin by nonmedical
In Defense of The Fund for Animals
in delays due simply to inadequate medical information. They
in Development, Greenaction, Silicon Valley
in disadvantaged areas. To the contrary, there are ample programs to
In doing so, CJAC
In doing so, it will also set a high standard that other
In effect, Sacramento County
In effect, the "public good" created through increased R&D is shared
In either situation, a severance payment often includes a waiver or release of any known or unknown
in every region of the state
In fact, 43% of REALTORS
In fact, currently more than half of all
In fact, the HSC explicitly
In fact, the most recent increase went into effect so recently (March 1, 1998) that there has been no opportunity to evaluate
In fact, the only actual data available shows that local government safety officers file mental health
In fact, the United
In fact, to the contrary, numerous psychological treatments of sexual
In fact, Vernon Geberth, one of the leading experts in the field
In fact, when it comes to criminal discovery, California has long been well ahead of other
in federal funds. The state is relying on carryover funding
in federal reimbursements
in funding from "an already substantially underfunded project..." The department also
in gas stations, liquor and convenience stores across the state. Blunt
in health care premiums that would further limit access to
In his letter of opposition, Larry Levine, who is a slate mailer publisher and the named plaintiff in the Levine case described above
In home health education and outreach programs for low
in human trafficking. Although pimping and pandering currently carry
in implementing such a law
In In re Marriage of Lautsbaugh (1999) 72 Cal. App. 4th 1131, a court of appeals held that the termination of a child support obligation is not a
in international trade for granted, as California continues to compete
In its analysis of the bill, the Department of Finance (DOF)
In its current form the bill would have prohibited the consideration of a veteran's federal disability benefits in determining the veteran's income for the purposes of calculating a
In its current form, the sponsor
In its current form, the Union of American
In its letter of opposition, the California
In its letter of support, the CMA provided a diagram of the current system for reimbursement of providers
In its opposition, America's Physician Groups (APG)
In its opposition, the California Sheriffs Association
in its very first session 158 years ago. Although the Board has performed
In July UC announced its Fair Wage/Fair Work plan, which
In June 2011, California joined the SMARTER Balanced Assessment
in land use decision-making and ignores the fact that every community is
In late 2017, a whistleblower revealed that SynerMed/ EHS Medical Group (which contracted with seven Medi-Cal plans to provide administrative services including
in law or regulation, a provider of health care services who obtains a
In legal discovery, documents revealed improper searches by FBI employees of a [United
In light of that study, the [United
in light of the current federal rulemaking. The CBA
In light of the most recent amendments responding to the initiative proponents' objections to prior SCA 14 versions, it is unknown if there is opposition to the June 17 version of SCA 14
In light of the rising costs of providing inmate health care and the associated costs of incarceration, medical parole offers a supervised
In line with global efforts to protect all individuals against forced marriage in the US, the following
in Long Beach for December 2007 and December 2008, though the Club claims
in Los Angeles. In addition, the opposition has listed a
in malpractice settlements present unnecessary roadblocks
in manufacturing
In many instances, these juveniles have not received adequate
in March of this year, the author and CDI
in Marin the flexibility to zone land suitable for housing in a way that
In May 2007, the Superintendent of Public Instruction recommended, and the SBE concurred, that the CAHSEE continue as a graduation requirement for
In Mays, the notice informing the officer of the proposed board of rights
in Michaels v. Internet Entertainment Group
In most
In most cases, RUPA was drafted to accord with the public
in new fees to retailers for which the public will receive
in newspapers, TV, radio, or information attached to other billings. No
in no event shall more than one support service allowance
In no other circumstance may a vehicle be forfeited as courts have
in open access community colleges
In opposing SB 395 (Chapter 681, Statutes of 2017), which created this provision, we argued that the bill exceeded what the United
In opposition
in opposition
In opposition ACLU California Action
in opposition and seeks amendments to direct DHS to institute
In opposition of AB 723, California Realtors Association
in opposition that because current law allows the courts to
in opposition that many nationally developed guidelines may
In opposition the California Association of Joint Powers Authorities
In opposition the California Building Industry Alliance
In opposition the Children's Law Center
In opposition the coalition
In opposition the Judicial Council of California
In opposition the Riverside Sheriffs' Association
In opposition the Silicon Valley Leadership Group
In opposition to AB 1062, TEXCOM
in opposition to prior versions of the bill, but has been involved
In opposition to the bill
In opposition to the bill, a coalition of local government associations
In opposition to the bill, California Chamber of Commerce and TechNet
In opposition to the bill, California Chamber of Commerce and the California Retailers Association
In opposition to the bill, Computer and Communications Industry Association alongside a group of technology trade associations
In opposition to the bill, the California Hospital
In opposition to the bill, the California Medical
In opposition to the bill, the California Swap Meet Owners
In opposition to the bill, the Family Winemakers of California (FWC)
In opposition to the bill, the Family Winemakers of California and the California Grocers Association
In opposition to the bill, the Western Center on Law and Poverty writes, "AB 493 singles out poor people by placing the restrictions only on the use of public funds managed through the CalWORKs
In opposition to the bill, Worthington Industries
In opposition to the legislation, Capitol City
In opposition to the prior version of the bill, TechNet
In opposition to this measure, the California Business Roundtable
In opposition to this measure, the city
In opposition, a coalition of agricultural employers including the Western Growers Association
In opposition, a coalition of employer organizations including the California Chamber of Commerce
In opposition, a coalition of employer organizations, including the California Chamber of Commerce
In opposition, Amazon
In Opposition, CALSTART
In opposition, CDPH
In opposition, Construction Employers' Association (CEA)
In opposition, Sierra Club
In opposition, Sierra Club California expresses concerns that
In opposition, Sutter's Place Inc., doing business as Bay
In opposition, Tesla
In opposition, the Alliance for Automotive Innovation
In opposition, the American Civil Liberties Union California Action
In opposition, the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME), AFL-CIO
In opposition, the California Association for Behavior Analysis
In opposition, the California Chamber of Commerce indicates
In opposition, the California Labor Federation
In opposition, the California Public Defenders Association
In opposition, the California Public Defenders Association indicates that current law adequately deals with the criminal conduct in question
In opposition, the Chamber of Progress
In opposition, the Council
In opposition, the CSAC Excess Insurance Authority
In opposition, the firm
In opposition, the Kern County Board of Supervisors
In opposition, the League of California Cities
In opposition, the League of Women Voters of California
In opposition, the League of Women Voters of California writes
In opposition, the Los Angeles Metropolitan Transportation
In opposition, the Pacific Merchant Shipping Association (PMSA)
In opposition, the Peace and Freedom Party of California
In opposition, The Vapor Technology Association
In opposition, the Western States Petroleum Association
In opposition, USC asks that the current lease be allowed to
In order for California to receive HAVA funds, a plan
in order to access the impact of contract terms on the quality and access to care
In order to assist local jurisdictions with
In order to avoid major disruptions to California's marketplace and leading to consumer confusion and dissatisfaction, CBIA
In order to be approved to operate in the state, the institution must show BPPE that it
in order to ensure that mitigation projects are approved in a timely
In order to meet the demand, apples have to be brought in from other
In order to properly
In order to receive a U visa/T visa, a victim must demonstrate to the United
in other cities across the country that the most
in other states and countries. Without guidance, local agencies are
In other words, high administrative costs may in some
in others it is not. Judges should retain the discretion to
in our country and has become a multi-billion dollar industry that is
in part by requiring an analysis to determine per-employee compensation for every type of contract and factoring in all known cost escalators to project future per-employee costs. UC also
in part on whether the courts are available to all who
In part, the Association of California School Administrators
In part, the CalChamber
In part, the California Federation of Teachers, a union of educators and classified professionals, AFT, AFL-CIO
In part, the California School Employees Association, AFL-CIO
In part, the California Special Districts Association
In part, the Community College League of California (CCLC)
in particular the various exemptions or "carve-outs" from the general application of Government Code Section 11135. Other opponents
In particular, requiring all State agencies to use
In particular, TechNet
in particular, that DHCS has
in PD benefits. Opponents also
In policy committee, opponents, including several hunting
in pounds and shelters in this state. They
In practice, courts and factfinders treat these types of
in previous small group market reform legislation because they
In previous years, school districts have been
In prior years, the California District Attorneys
in prison and are trying to re-enter society. They
In prohibiting the use of ESA funds for the purposes
in projects within, and adjacent to the river and help to implement the LA County River Master Plan and the City of Los Angeles River
in public operations each year. Grand jury responsibilities associated
In recent decades, California has created an unprecedented number of new and detailed criminal laws. Before we keep enacting more, I think
In recent years the United
In regard to the concern raised by the opposition regarding duplicative planning efforts, the authors
In regards to the bill's minimum staffing requirements, the CPPC
in reprogramming and increased fraud investigators for a policy that is
In response to data that illustrated the need for more
In response to the COVID-19 public health emergency, the Board issued a waiver that included provisions to allow for remote medication chart order review and
In response, the author will be amending the bill to
In response, the author's office has provided the following statement
in return for the tax-exempt status given to nonprofit hospitals. This
In return, consumers would be provided a capitated budget determined in a
In School + On Track, California Attorney General Kamala Harris
in significant administrative costs to review huge volumes of documentation-given the large number of contracts involved-or would
In Southern California, cable nodes have been vandalized and cable
in state government and focuses solely on achieving environmental
in strenuous exercise, there is a risk of injury. It is also worth
In strident opposition to this measure, Turo
in such a manner as to subject the animal to extreme
in such rapid succession that there has been little opportunity
In sum, CJAC concludes that current law, by providing a ten-year statute of limitations and a three-year discovery rule, ″provides generous timelines for survivors to bring
In sum, LACBA
In summary, the Coalition for Quality Credit Counseling
In summary, the County
In support a broad coalition
In support a coalition of environmental and active transportation groups
In support CALSTART
In support Equality California
In support of a prior version of the bill
In support of including the provision
In support of prior year legislation to reduce crack cocaine
In support of the bill the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
In support of the bill the coalition
In support of the bill, CalTax references their report "Making
In support of the bill, Social Compassion in Legislation
In support of the bill, the American Association of University Women of California
In support of the bill, the American Lung Association in California
In support of the bill, the Association
In support of the bill, the California Coalition for Youth
In support of the bill, the California Employment Lawyers Association
In support of the bill, the California Immigrant Policy Center
In support of the bill, the California Judges Association
In support of the bill, the Commission
In support of the measure CLF
in support of the prior version
In support of the revisions to the customer facility charge audit reporting, the California Airport Council
In support of their preferred fee increase, the State Bar
In support of these reforms, The Center for Judicial Excellence
In support of this amendment, the California Housing Partnership
In support of this measure the California Chamber of Commerce
In support of this measure the California Court Reporters Association
In support of this measure the coalition
In support of this measure the County Recorders' Association of California
In support of this measure, a coalition of labor organizations
In support of this measure, Bay Area Legal Aid
In support of this measure, the bill's sponsor, Attorney General Xavier Becerra
In support of this measure, the California Protective Parents Association
In support of this measure, the Conference of California Bar Associations, the bill's sponsor
In support of this resolution, the IWPRG organization
in support that "these institutions hold hundreds of individuals who have
In support the Association of California Water Agencies
In support the California Airports Council
In support the California Trucking Association
In support the California Voter Foundation
In support the Electric Vehicle Association Sacramento Chapter
In support, a coalition
In support, a coalition of businesses led by CalChamber
In support, a coalition of organizations
In support, a coalition of organizations impacted by supply chain fees
In support, California Common Cause
In support, NextGen California
In support, Planned Parenthood of California
In support, Planned Parenthood of California group
In support, SAG-AFTRA
In support, Seamless Bay Area
In support, Secretary of State Alex Padilla
In support, the American Civil Liberties Union California Action write, "Although in recent years many
In support, the American Civil Liberties Union of California
In support, the Bay Area Air Quality Management District
In support, the California Association of Port Authorities
In support, the California Catholic Conference
In support, the California Immigrant Policy Center
In support, the California Labor Federation
In support, the California News Publishers Association
In support, the California Teachers Association (CTA)
In support, the Campus Vote Project
In support, the City of Sacramento
In support, the Greenlining Institute
In support, the Hispanas Organized for Political Equality
In support, the League of Women Voters of Fresno
In support, the Secretary of State Alex Padilla
In support, the South Bay Cities Council of Governments
In support, the sponsor Abundant Housing LA
In support, the Teamsters
In support, the United Food & Commercial Workers Union
In support, the University of California Student Association
In support, the Western Center on Law and Poverty
In support, Valley Clean Air Now
in technical
in technology products
In terms of the author's intent to move toward ecosystem-based management to benefit these species, the association
in the 9th Circuit against the State and the UC on the same issues
in the absence of a complaint. Additionally, it is not clear that any
in the accessibility of the justice system. Whether
in the aggregate, whereby certain project areas may spend less
in the annual Budget Act for the program, which I
In the April 7, 1999 hearing of the Senate Insurance
in the Assembly Health Committee
in the bill
in the bill may have the unintended consequence of preventing the PUC
in the bill were not sufficiently distinguished from similar medical
in the case of commercial insurance, involve reduced policy coverage
in the commission of the crimes. Three witnesses identified Rocha as a
in the community, even individuals needing the highest
in the context of the budget process and available
in the course and scope of the regulated business?.Legitimate
in the debt trap
in the diagnosis and treatment of mental disorders and conditions
in the Disease Prevention Demonstration Project. This
In the eight other
In the example of a case of a Medi-Cal beneficiary involving admission to a CRT center cited above, WCLP
in the FBI's Next Generation identification "rapback" process. The Rapback process has the FBI retain the applicant's fingerprints in order
in the first place
in the foreseeable future
in the health and dental plans participating in the HFP. The primary purpose of this survey is to assess the satisfaction and experience families have with their health and dental
In the Health Committee, several affected
in the hearing of Assembly Committee on Housing & Community
in the Insurance Committee, not the Public Safety Committee
in the intervening time? In reality, administrative law judges already
In the last four years since the passage of AB 1171 more than 10
in the LGBT community as mental disorder and institutes bigotry against
in the lives of people living near the poverty level, many
in the marketplace? If so, is imposition of a
in the mid-1990s before the current restrictions were enacted
in the production of human blood or human whole blood derivatives to
in the protection dog sports where their working abilities are tested
in the queue
in the reduction of new sidewalks built and cause additional strain on
in the Sacramento Bee on April 24, 2012, a representative from the CalChamber argued against the bill putting the minimum wage on
in the same manner as most peace officers
in the same type of fraudulent marketing tactics that surfaced
in the second year
in the Senate Health Committee
in the Senate Rules Committee in September 2007
in the state's bays and estuaries and along its sensitive coastline, SB 300
in the state's local green business programs
in the state, I vetoed a bill similar to this one last year because it was
in the statement is already provided in the contract terms and conditions which the customer signs prior to initiating service
in the United States and California there is a fundamental principle that all research participants deserve just compensation for their contribution to research that entails some risk and much time
In the wake of the recent tragedies in Southern California, we feel
In their
in their
In their "oppose unless amended" letter, EFF
In their "oppose" letter, EFF
In their call for detailed study and investigation by the [United
in their custody by hospitals charging rates of reimbursement far
in their letter
In their letter of opposition, the National Rifle Association
In their letter of support, the sponsor
In their letters
In their opposition, Technet and the California Chamber of Commerce
in their treatment, and when involuntary medications are ordered, they
In this case, although ABC
in this limitation and require them to have a conditional use permit in
in three of the four participating grades, and partial-day CSR in the remaining grade, by Jul y 1, 2001. The bill would also change the current
in up to five counties
in violation of First Amendment of the US Constitution
in voluntary continuing education and MCE would only add
in which a person is giving testimony under oath to a civil grand jury, deviates from the long-standing way in which grand juries have operated and is unnecessary
in which the subject matter was not heard in an Assembly policy committee this legislative session
in writing auto insurance
in year one and ongoing for a contract
in-state wine producers
inability
inability to navigate government systems
inaccurate because health plans and insurers have different
inadequate coverage
inadequate coverage and discourages preventive care because
inadequate. NAPWDA explains, "Most of the breeding dogs that create
inadvertently create double funding issues. I am a
inadvertently deleted by the proposed amendments.: QUESTIONS
inadvertently hamper our abilities to process these kits. It is for
inadvertently overpay property taxes. The changes that
inappropriate and appears to be a dangerous attempt by a
inappropriate and threatening
inappropriate for the Legislature to require the TCA
inappropriate given that these products are often dietary necessities
inappropriate results and to leave public entities without the range of choices and competition they want on their contracts
inappropriate to enact a one-size-fits-all policy to apply to every
inappropriate to not count time spent in jail pending SVP
inappropriately attempts to stop large employers from using legally
inappropriately places a new financial penalty on local agencies without
inappropriately reverse that action
inappropriately uses inmate-generated canteen funds traditionally used
inattention or bureaucratic delays
in response to data that illustrated the need for more
Inc. 146 additional letters of support from the Oakhurst area community
Inc. FTB position is "Neutral
incapacitated with a condition that renders him or her permanently unable
incapacitation. CDAA states, ""The early release programs
incarcerated, having a child in and of itself should not be enough to
incarceration in which the accused is not entitled to a
incarceration of this population in the state prison system
incentive no other state can offer
incentive to departments and agencies to follow through with their notice
incentive to file these claims and will create legal mills that routinely
incentive. They
incentives and allocations to provide housing
incentives for boosting exports and imports through California seaports and airports and, most importantly, by creating new cargo-moving jobs
incentives produce the desired job growth in a predictable and uniform
incentives, usually a contingency-fee, to contractors
incidence data would assist in targeting and evaluating
incident, leaving it with serious injuries. In other cases, dogs and cats
include a consideration of whether an individual health care
include a review by an expert in pain management and addiction medicine and a review by an expert in the same
include a statement with each bill that is sent to customers
include activities to be accomplished prior to the establishment of such
include Christian Science nursing care. Christian
include county agencies that have contracted with the State for the performance of licensing duties
include illiterate adults and young children
include in the Legislative declaration (Section 7 of the bill)
include non-administrative staff, such as curriculum
include other issues surrounding automobile repairs, including
include some sort of benefit cap on O&P
include the circumstance of when the person who keeps the firearm knows
include the instructor's writing or other work. Receipt of such royalties
include: adhesives, aerosols, photographic chemicals, plastic
included a provision that the license deposit could be offset by reduced taxes on gross gaming revenues. That provision has since been removed. Opponents to the current version of the bill
included in a ballot measure [Political Reform Act] approved
included in determining the assessed value of a property
included within the term "administrative costs
Included within this organization's membership who are also in
Includes 47 sport fishing groups throughout the state
includes a profit participation provision, such that if a change in use
includes accessible voting systems and the creation of a
includes the California State Association of Counties, the County Welfare Directors Association, and the California Mental Health Directors Association. These
includes, but is not limited to, "applied peace building and violence
including 16 programs in California. Further Information: The policy committee analysis includes additional background on the California economy
including a hospital pharmacy and therapeutics committee
including a live sporting
including a parent who
including a patient with a history of overdose
including but not limited to emotional
including by providing student
including contract
including diverting funds to a select group of UC student-athletes and limiting a program's ability to fund and
including drug and device manufacturers
including education
including equity to California licensees
including evaluating irreparable harm and likelihood of success on the merits. As such
including furnishing hormonal contraceptives
including holding flat executive compensation and benefits that near many hundreds of thousands of dollars and more
including information necessary
including Insurance Commissioner Dave Jones
including investments in Medi-Cal Dental
including language to protect the identity and confidentiality of health care professionals and facility employees in the reports of adverse events that are filed by hospitals
including massive price mark-ups
including Moms for Liberty Santa Clara County and Our Duty
including nonpharmacological treatment options and referral to specialty care
including organic
including organic farms
including prenatal care
including Price Waterhouse Coopers (PwC) and BOE member George Runner
including pricing
including public funds
including quality control
including relevant recommendations and research from academia and consideration of existing guidelines and recommendations from groups including
including resources for three additional staff and consulting costs for planning and
including service currently provided over copper and fiber cable networks and circuit switched technology
including several Black Chambers of Commerce
including several black chambers of Commerce
including smoke alarms
including social workers
including some form of preference rights for temporary faculty, although these may differ in specifications, details, process, and how
including some of the state's largest municipalities
including that set by the National Center for Construction Education and Research (NCCER). The NCCER Core Curriculum is used in more than 70 craft areas
including the Bankers Association
including the Breast Cancer Fund
including the CalChamber
including the California Aquaculture Association
including the California Association of Health Underwriters and the California Medical Association
including the California Business Properties Association and the Institute of Real Estate Management
including the California Chamber of Commerce and the National Federation of Business
including the California Council for the Blind, the California
including the California Federation of Labor Unions and SEIU California are
including the California Healthcare Association
including the California Housing Consortium and Housing California are
including the California Pan Ethnic Health Network and the California Black Health Network
including the California Work & Family Coalition and Legal Aid at Work write the following
Including the Cities of Huntington Park and Montebello
including the Consumer Attorneys of California and the Consumer Protection Policy Center at the University of San Diego Law School
including the Electronic Frontier Foundation and Rural County Representatives of California (RCRC)
including the Employment Development Department, the Department of Motor Vehicles, the Department of Health Services, and the California Highway Patrol
including the establishment of officer wellness and peer
including the Farm Bureau Federation
including the FCC
including the holder of the rights to the sporting
including the League of California Cities and the California Association of Joint Powers Authorities
including the mandatory reimbursement and dispensing fees for pharmacies
including the Metropolitan Water District and the San Diego County Water Agency
including the real estate each product allows for labeling
including the section
including the Southport Setback Levee Project. Despite the City's prioritization of the project and progress to date
including the Western Center on Law and Poverty and Health Access California
including the Western Electrical Contractors Association (WECA)
including those representing consumers
including those representing ethnic minority-and veteran-owned businesses
including those who are uninsured and underinsured. AB 2134 is currently pending in the Senate Health Committee. AB 2205 (Carrillo
including transitional kindergarten
including working
Inclusion of a provision of standards that ensure
inclusion, it ignores male victims of domestic violence who
inclusive of abortion
inclusive. (C) The progress made toward reducing the over-prescription of opioids. (D) Recommendations for whether further reduction of opioid prescription is needed. (E) Information
inclusive. This information shall be provided in total
income and minority homeowners who are reluctant to enroll in Medi-Cal if
income clients, but
income deductions given to people who work and live in the community. The group
income first-time expectant mothers and their families
income for different-sex couples. Supporters note when a California
income for the expense of certain fees (such as conservatorship fees)
income housing reduces local control of redevelopment and community revitalization projects. Redevelopment agencies, the CRA
income people with disabilities and their families who hire in-home care
income tax law, which specifically allow taxpayers to claim reimbursement
income tax return, as long as the state income tax return is filed timely (generally April 15 for personal income tax), the use tax payment is
income uninsured women in California lack and deserve access
income, payroll, sales and use tax and other taxes and fees. Although
incomplete, or fails to properly measure the relevant time frames. They
inconsistent with long held principles of California's civil service
inconsistent with the Administration's efforts to reduce government
inconsistent with the terms of the settlement agreement
inconsistent with their religious beliefs. If
inconsistent with, and therefore destroy, the conservation easement
increase costs to employers and be duplicative of the existing requirements for the development of injury and illness preventive programs under existing law
increase dispute resolution costs to local governments
increase dramatically if the program faces a legal challenge and while
increase for a total of $130
increase if the additional revenues were to provide direct services that
increase in alcohol related harm
increase in costs can jeopardize two or more transactions
increase in costs has a direct impact on state and local funds. For non
increase in costs to utility customers in Southern California and provide
increase in fraudulent billings
increase in number and complexity, surgical centers cannot continue to
increase in requests for assistance since 2008, and the food lines are
increase in the Board's budget. As a result, the additional
increase in the level of protection for mobilehome
increase in the minimum wage will hinder this recovery and may even lead
increase licensure and examination fees charged to these
increase prohibition be relaxed to allow the value of an
increase requiring two-thirds voter approval
increase revenues available for charitable purposes. SB 1369 will cut off
increase the numbers of newborns protected under this program, but if
increase would be to reduce their workforce. Opponents also
increase, it would seem appropriate to amend the bill
increased accessibility to these resources also strives to diminish the stigma around the discussion of receiving
increased availability of alcoholic beverages is correlated with an
Increased consumption of plant-based foods reduces the risks of developing these costly diet-related diseases and
increased costs from Field Act compliance are modest and worth the added
increased demands on their general funds to pick up the slack
increased economic activity in California
increased numbers of earthquake policies being in force
increased public safety costs for cities across California
increased services and providers that now qualify for reimbursement will allow schools to
increased substantially
increases and reductions in quantity. Opponents further
increases approved last year which could - and probably would - result in pressure to apply other
increases child
increases in rates
increases retroactively. The retroactive application
increases the emphasis on the prompt provision of services in both LPS
increases the number of task force meetings HCD must convene of mobilehome stakeholders from one to two meetings each year
increases to co-tenants up until Cobb the situation has
increases will retard economic recovery
increases. They suggest that "if the lone original tenant
increasing consumer cost sharing, it may be necessary for
increasing costs rather than capturing revenues
increasing exposure to the sun for minors who would otherwise
increasing interference with hunting by other hunters competing for
increasing number of parties who go to court without
increasing renewable base load generation
Increasing the award amount would enable students to limit the number of hours they work, and enroll in more credit hours, both of which
increasing the limit on the number of one-year enhancements for
increasing the number of contaminated needles and syringes in
increasing the number of hearing specialists able to participate in the evaluation process will be beneficial
increasing the public's understanding and the government's
increasing to $15 per hour as of October 1
Increasing vegetation and tree cover also
increments, based on what psychiatrists predict regarding
incur $1.7 million in new costs
incurring additional debt. The act imposes a $75 fee on documents related
Indeed
indeed withdrawing cash to gamble
Indeed, as the Legislative Counsel's Digest
Indeed, the very fact that courts currently can invalidate geolocation warrants that lack particularity or are otherwise overbroad using a standard Fourth Amendment analysis
indemnification hearings
independent auditing. C.A.S.H. also
independent board, (b) a new department focused
independent entity in terms of composition, staffing, and operations, and has the authority to act independently in the areas of administering examinations to ensure minimal
independent judge - and existing law provides several mechanisms
independent pharmacies are closing throughout the state. The sponsors
independently elected tax board is not responsible for the impact of its tax administration decisions on the government's
indeterminately sentenced offenders, eliminating the prospect
indeterminately sentenced offenders, eliminating the prospect of 15% credits for good behavior has little practical effect beyond
indicate a sexual act occurred. In most of these cases, the issue is
indicate support for the bill. These groups
indicate that African-American and Hispanic youth are
indicate that both ARB and the Energy Commission are "setting the state on
indicate they are homeless in order to receive a free birth certificate
indicated in conversations with staff that the current
indicated it would support the measure if amended to better define the limits of those cosmetic practices
indicated that the increase has forced the Board to redirect
indicates foster parents are often an important and reliable
indicates it is one of a few districts with voter-approved bonds
indicates letters that were received before the latest amendment date of April 18, 2018
indicates that "Grandfather all existing bikes in, at the very least so
indicates that "In the past five years, the California Legislature and local governments have tried to impose more than $7 billion in new taxes
indicates that "the building trades have been particularly hard hit with
indicates that "the high-speed train project has advanced substantially
indicates that most state agencies have different
indicates that requiring the "intended purpose" of the drug to
indicates that state formulas are holding it to an artificially
indicates that the extent to which the student trustee is viewed as an
indicates that, it supports the intention of the bill, but is
indicates the bill would impose significant state costs to
indication to suggest 30% of qualified expenses is the appropriate credit
indicative of the actual value of any specific vehicle
Indicative of the coalition, the California Apartment Association
indicator that the accident has in fact occurred
indicators to measure the credit's success in achieving those goals
individual bail enforcement
individual budget equivalent to 90 percent of the annual per capita
Individual Builders and Associations: Building Industry
Individual choice budget
individual cities to review local economic
individual elects to report his or her use tax liability on the state
individual homeowners will not appeal the assessor's
individual mandate. Blue Shield expresses concerns over MRMIB's authority
individual practice acts under this code
individual privacy protection. The boards and bureaus operating under the Department presently use the utmost discretion when deciding whether or
individual to obtain an exemption. ACLU pointed out that any
individual's credit history by itself is not predictive of potential
individual, organization or governmental entity to harbor
individuals and families licensed or approved prior to October 1, 2008 will
individuals and offices handling bid submittals, contract
individuals and received letters from 1800
Individuals are
individuals being able to employ housekeepers, nannies, and caregivers of the elderly and disabled. They also
Individuals from the following organizations
individuals have signed a petition
individuals in their homes, and nearly 6000 homeowners benefited from the program across nearly all counties in California. Proponents
individuals in their positions providing instructional
individuals insurers
individuals residing in DCs are generally more fragile than
individuals to deduct certain expenses, such as medical expenses, charitable contributions, interest and state and local taxes. For
individuals under the age of 21, will help reduce the states
individuals who can least afford a tax bill after losing their home
individuals who had been investigated on an allegation of child abuse or
individuals who provide self-help service from using the title
Individuals with developmental disabilities and their families throughout California continue to struggle to access critical services and
individuals with developmental disabilities served in the community
individuals' circumstances to the safety needs of the community and the rehabilitation needs of the individuals
industrial and civic groups representing
industrial nations because of a restructuring in the international economy
Industrial Services, Inc., San Joaquin Valley
industrial states in total funding of legal services
Industries (ISRI) writes in opposition, "Frankly, the problem is not the sufficiency of the current law
Industries Association City of |South Coast Air Quality Management
industries has, in recent years, tended to move away from inflexible
industries registered opposition because they
industries' associations
Industries, California Manufacturers
industries, Inc., a contractor and fabricator based in Arcata
Industries, Inc., California Waste Recovery
Industry (CLC), California Chapter
industry and business and taxpayer associations. Opponents
industry and excessive costs on California taxpayers. FSC states, "The adult film industry's current standards and self-regulation are very
industry and exemplifies the proactive approach seen with AB 1190
industry associate of the National Alliance of Buy Here Pay Here Dealers (NABD). NIADA
Industry Association, California Business
Industry Association, Silicon Valley Leadership
Industry Council of California, Chlorine
industry groups and the California State Pipe Trades Council
industry groups and the Department of Conservation
industry groups, who
industry has been pressuring the Department of Insurance (DOI)
industry in the shared interest of protecting patient safety
industry is already taking recognized and innovative steps to create a more sustainable future and is pleased
industry, and need to be of the highest quality with regard to
industry, as well as the State Sheriffs Association, the District
Industry, League of California Cities, Los
ineffective due to the interference of maternal antibodies. The federation
ineffective if the conversation is conducted by e-mail, text messages or
ineffective, limited to situations where the person charged with
inefficiency, and is extremely expensive to schools (and the state) and local governments
ineligible due to exceeding the program's income or age limits
ineligible for all state grants, loans, tax credits and other financial
ineligible for care from other sources. The bill is
inequitable because processors that only buy up to $20,000 worth of produce will face a $50 increase in fees and a $20 increase in agent
Inevitably, CMA
inexpensive video and teleconferencing equipment available, and considering the state's deficit, California cannot afford to continue
infections associated with AIDS, and diseased eyes in children. In
infestation who see a need for a statewide program
inflation adjustments only to the extent that funds are
influence compliance is neither logical nor fair. No other state imposes
influencing, or attempting to inappropriately influence, a real
Influenza, it is critically important to realize the consequences that a false positive or false negative test on one
inform consumers of the program expansion and fee increase
inform the subject officer of the specific proposed punishment it sought
informal competitive bidding from $50,000 to $100,000, because: "There are no guidelines for which this process will
information (CORI) search would remain fresh beyond the date of the initial search. Currently, regulatory purpose, federal level CORI
information about medical conditions that affect a driver's
information about persons who have been, or will become, prohibited from
information and insight about the child who is the subject of the juvenile dependency proceeding. The bill also is
information and records of citizens that has the potential of being
information concerning any member or beneficiary
information except that there shall be no online public
information for unauthorized use. They note this information can be sold
information from my Health and Human Services Agency
information in specified languages
information is collected and held by local governments, yet local
information is disclosed in the contract about the rights of a
information is key in obtaining support for implementing the measures necessary to reduce impaired driving and would help
information is maintained by state departments
information is too easily shared and distributed without their
information make it difficult for offenders to lead normal, productive lives
information of private citizens with a private organization, which could
information on relevant past experience
information on social economic and environmental benefits to
information on the Department of Education website to
information on the duties of the DASP, please refer to the policy
information only to the extent that it has knowledge of that information
information or sounds are recorded or otherwise stored
information previously furnished correct a negative credit report regarding
information provided by
information provided by CHA
information regarding identification of the substance, risks
information should be risk-adjusted or "normalized" to ensure that
information such as hourly rate, social security numbers, birth date, and potential medical information regarding any alleged injuries. Opponents
Information System for law enforcement purposes, while not reporting
Information System. Trichloroethylene has been referred to
information that is largely unattainable, fosters government
information that is public information under other provisions of law
information that they hold more private than medical and health
information to be dissolved, which was the basis of
information to the DOJ, which serves as a repository of the information
information to their regulators (who could then take action if their licensees are using inappropriate underwriting criteria). Additionally, opponents generally do not object
information will be protected from unlawful or unauthorized intrusion
information would potentially confuse or mislead consumers
information, and that the state has a strong interest in encouraging people
information, and would have the benefit of ensuring
information, answer questions, collect opt-out forms and transfer
information, which may already be obtained by the subject of the record
informed choice. They note they have seen superstore after superstore
informed of audit adjustments like tax credits and refund
informed that it
informing denied applicants of the existence of the MRMIP
infrastructure for the collection of millions of home-generated sharps and the public education programs to
infrastructure improvements, and create parks, libraries, and community centers. In addition, because many agencies have
infrastructure problem. They also note SB 1 promotes collaboration by
Infrastructure program (a categorical program within Proposition 98) have
infrastructure should include transitional housing for people entering or
infrastructure such as cold storage facilities are often prohibitively expensive
infringement on a contributors' right to
infringes upon local planning authority
infusion of resources" but not the creation of a new
inherently and highly dangerous explosive and inflammable substance
Initial evaluations require clinicians with specialized expertise in the evaluation and treatment of sex offenders, who are also experienced in
initial hospital stay. These include: jaundice, pheumonia, and dehydration from improper breast feeding. In very extreme
initial opportunity to develop a workable plan, and instead
initiated by Mayor Villaraigosa. This is a local issue that must be first
initiated the condemnation, and distribute that revenue
initiative or a recall and next to impossible to do a referendum
initiative or a recall and next to impossible to do a referendum." The Humane Society of the United States expresses a similar concern
initiatives, the Act was set up to specifically prohibit amendment by the Legislature because
injection in the presence [of others
injunction will assist member of the community in tracking the effectiveness of gang injunctions in their communities, and will allow
injured worker whose disability has been determined based on objective
injury and death due to the accidental or intentional use of firearms
injury and drug dependence, and searches of employee backpacks
injury or property damage. A person cannot however, be held criminally
inmate in order for him or her to enjoy the benefit of a potentially
inmate is suitable for release simply through the passage of time and without consideration for any effort at
inmate or ward. SB 434 was held on the Suspense File of this committee
inmate to parole to the county of commitment. NRPs will not be required
inmate transportation costs and security costs through
inmates in the 180-degree housing unit, which is the most secure general
inmates moved elsewhere in the state prison system will have less access
inmates nearer their homes, as was the case when discussions involving
inmates will be medically recommended by their Chief Medical Officer to
innocence
innocence and the Alameda County Superior Court reversed the conviction and ordered Williams released from custody and all parole
innocence inadmissible "as evidence in any action." It may be
Innocence Matters filed a habeas corpus petition asserting Ms. Mellen was factually innocent. On October 10
innocence projects operating at the California Western School of Law and Santa Clara University Law School, the need to create a state-based
innocence. Even the California Supreme Court has recognized this
innocent homeowner, an innocent subcontractor and a good
innocent Japanese Americans and social security numbers are
innocent third-party individual or business liable for the employment
innovation in California. According to CHI, while government
innovative partnerships that AB 344 will
inoperative upon someone's complaint. The California ProLife
inordinate burden on entities that have made relatively minor or
inpatient quality
input from labor, and to make policy decisions that will
input regarding the way in which funds are spent
Insight Center for Community and Economic Development and supported by dozens of advocacy groups
inspect a predetermined number or percentage of parks over the current seven year period." HCD would not be required to
inspect the parks with a history of the most substantial
inspected for child safety concerns by the Department of Social Services and not by DHS. PACE
inspection
Inspection Act (FMIA). Furthermore, CGA
inspections and reports will add to the consumers' cost and consequently the costs to small businesses that seek to
inspections be included as part of the smog check program. As cited in
inspections by fifty percent with no commensurate
inspections effectively within this resource level, rather than
inspections only based on complaints or requests received, as
inspector aide upgrade
inspector aides up to permanent employee status but also
installment account. To allow lenders and retailers to
instance is the only such program approved by the state of California to
instances of vigilantism as a result of the information being made
instances where DHS proposes a reduction in the plan's
instant feedback on driver performance from customers, including
Instead AB1584 lists factors without indicating whether those factors favor rebuttal of the presumption or
instead be used "for programs that seek to interrupt the spread of the disease and provide immediate care and treatment for Californians with
instead emerging as a strategy to avoid the heightened scrutiny of a
Instead of a blanket reporting requirement of all activity of those under
Instead of broadening course repetition policies - and allowing colleges to draw down apportionment funding for additional repeat attempts without the proper wrap-around
instead of Proposition 99 funds. They object to using
instead of saddling them with additional financial burden. By
Instead, CJEC
Instead, CTEC
instead, it should be at the discretion of the employer. Specifically, they
instilling its system of values in young people. The BSA seeks to
Institute and a long list of industry organizations
Institute for the difficulty in implementation and reasons similar to
Institute is fortunate to have broad
Institute object to the use of the mill assessment to assist
Institute, iHubs have already demonstrated their potential. They support
institution the conclusive policy would be less justifiable than if
Institutions [SPONSOR] League of CA Cities
institutions and non-degree granting non-profit institutions receiving
institutions and tuition at UC is slightly above the average of its four
institutions are in the midst of understanding how AB 2296 will be implemented
institutions for the costs of sending out breach notification letters and credit and debit card replacements, the requirement to
Institutions of higher education must be accountable for preserving students' right to safely engage in activities protected by the United
institutions that are not parties to a contract for financial aid
institutions when it could hire state employees at a lower cost. They
institutions will again begin switching to
Instruction (Jack O'Connell), SDE, members of the State Board of Education, the San Ramon Valley Unified School District, the Fremont
instruction into lesson plans. In fact, the current
instruction to parents or other members of the community who pledge to tutor English learner pupils
instructional materials categorical program
instructional materials, by rolling this amount into district
instructional services for the wards in their institutions
instructional time
instructions and guidelines and is used for the express purpose of implantation into a patient
instrument and automatically excludes all parolees in these additional
instrumental in keeping thousands of seniors, blind and disabled
instrumentalities of the federal government and are
insufficient and highlights the rate has not been updated since the 1970's. The sponsor states the allowance is too restrictive and does not
insufficient basis to ascribe criminal liability. [ People v
insufficient bed space to accept new patients, resulting in increased
insufficient evidence about their efficacy in deterrence. The Pharmaceutical Care Management Association, a national association of pharmacy benefit managers
insufficient time for health care workers to properly clean equipment and wash their hands
insufficient to satisfy this requirement. Failure of the state child support plan to be in compliance with federal
insufficient, as repeatedly documented by outside monitors, most
insurance also proposes to add section 10127.17. Staff
Insurance Commissioner. (There are bills pending in the Legislature to accomplish all of these options which are either within or heading for Conference Committee)
Insurance Companies (ACLHIC) says a ten-year exemption from the requirements of the Senior
Insurance companies have put forward several
insurance companies, and Massachusetts requires insurers to
Insurance Company and other insurers that banks, unlike insurers, are chartered for the specific purpose of making credit available
insurance coverage could cause as many as 40,000 Californians
insurance coverage plans and policies so that enrollee out-of-pocket costs
insurance during the last ten years that would preclude
Insurance hearing to re-examine the subsequent amended version
insurance industry and the California Fire Safe Council (CFSC)
insurance industry is already reporting higher collision
Insurance Law for direct response disability insurance will
insurance premiums. Kaiser Permanente indicates that
insurance premiums. Opponents also
insurance products to create a health benefit package for their workers
insurance products will reduce the availability of low-cost insurance products. Opponents
Insurance Program (SCHIP) funding expires at the end of 2007
Insurance provider community
insurance would have been. Thus, there is little incentive to comply
insurance, then the exemption could be reviewed
insurance. According to , a 1992 Appellate
insure against, and on the basis of a new
insured population
insurer can spend on profits
insurer for up to 60 days after issuing or renewing a policy of residential property insurance, to focus on claims and its resources on
insurer paying fee-for-service may appear to be higher
insurer representatives before recommended treatment can be
Insurers and business groups
Insurers and some small business groups
insurers from developing low-cost products, participating in high-cost
insurers from DOI to the new regulator effective July 1, 2002
Insurers have broadly argued that the bill will have the effect of driving up
insurers implies that it is somehow the responsibility
Insurers that are electronically reporting currently
insurers to discriminate against "Proposition 103 Good Drivers
Insurers, and ACIC are neutral
intact permit
integral facility" in the legislation. As written, it is unclear
integration of sex offenders into the community is crucial to prevent re
integrations because it no longer strips home care workers
integrity of a public agency's bond. Banks, pension funds, and other investors will not buy public agencies
integrity of our cities, counties, and other local government agencies
intended for small businesses to big businesses. "This simply
intended for use as a source of study material for a class or group of students, a copy of which is expected to be available for the individual
intended to provide property owners with certainty and stability about
intense supervision. The cost of this supervision will be extraordinary and will dilute an already overworked parole department. Further, this
intensity of workload
intensive services, costing far less. The resources devoted to
intent
intent and wording
intent to kill, would be first degree murder under the felony
intentionally contribute to his or her conviction
intentionally disruptive individual who refuses to leave a business
interdepartmental] unless the data is encrypted using strong cryptography and security protocols
interest of the women of California in reducing breast and cervical cancer morbidity and mortality rates. They
interest on the amount it pays to the county on behalf of the taxpayer
Interest Research Group, California School
interest returns to taxpayers who may deliberately pay more taxes than
interest with the least possible intrusion on those constitutional
Interest: National Parks Service expresses "very
interested in reconsidering the issues in AB 2769 if it
interests of the members of the State Bar and matters
interests supportive of or who benefit from OHV use in Inyo County
interfere with their activities risks death to those they may be trying
interference, according to opponents, is unnecessary for
interferes with the Constitutional rights of charter cities "to control
interfering with lawful hunting activities, will help to address
interfering with the peaceful conduct of a school would have to have the specific intent to physically harm students rather than causing a
interlock devices. As drafted, even if these individuals register 100
intermediary, and exempts MRMIB from competitively
International Dark Sky Association estimates that at least 30% of all outdoor lighting in the United
International Rescue Committee and supported by groups representing socials workers and women
International Rescue Committee writes
International Trade Administration, accessed August
international trade sector is a powerful engine driving the state's
Internet Association. -- END
Internet can be seen as a social networking system
internet sales
interpersonal conflicts will turn into deadly shootouts
interpretations. RCRC
interpreted in the opposite manner as the author proposed here
interpreted to include such tasks as administering over the counter
Interpreters (sponsor) Judicial Council
interpreting section 3304(d), requiring notice of specific proposed
interpreting the boundaries of municipal affairs, and by seeking to
interrupting the existing registration and titling
interstate compact, rather than the required amendment process for
intervenors (public interest groups) in insurance-related
intervention grant that was delayed due to procedural problems, and $95,056 for State Controller legal services in excess of the contracted
intervention in legislating the terms of medical treatment
intervention in the market for prescription drugs may produce
Intervention Services Act related to compliance with
intimidate, harass, or silence their human victims. In addition, animal
into a policymaking body
into an area of contractual relationships and obligations between
into and receive grants from the Fund, it should smooth out the challenges in the current fiscal year as we work on additional, long
into consideration the risks and use patterns in the food manufacturing and flavoring processes. Opponents indicate that diacetyl is a naturally
into consideration when we are looking at this issue. The economic
into the initiative process, a direct violation of the purpose for the constitution's initiative provision
into the law governing the CSU. CSU
into the online learning environment interact more with for profit
into the unit at the same time as the head of the household. If the head of the household moves out, "determining who was an original occupant becomes a 'he
into this authority
into underserved communities while meeting insurer
Intractable Pain Treatment Act are not subject to
introduce a bill
introduced AB 794 , a nearly identical bill to AB 332 which was vetoed by the Governor for non-substantive reasons. In his veto message, the Governor indicated that he was deferring consideration
introduced to maneuver around court rulings, and will impose attorney
inundated with lengthier cases and potentially more upward deviations as
invested in infrastructure creates an increase in tax revenue that can be
invested. UC indicates that it receives information from these funds
investigate and prevent elder and disabled abuse
investigate, before a disposition of property occurs, whether
investigated conflicts of interest in vaccine policymaking, focussing on the licensing and eventual license-revocation
investigation on the health status of every applicant or otherwise
investigation that could delay the issuance of coverage or result in
investigations are a major part of the internal personnel
investigations that could result in officers being suspended for long
investigative agencies, probation officers, and court investigators
investigative purposes and 40,000 inquiries for non-investigative functions
investigative report maintained by the submitting agency. Thus, Penal
investigator, all information regarding a peace officer applicant's prior
investigatory detentions and traffic stops. The "special
Investing in high school Dream Resource Centers would mean undocumented students would have access
investment also has the advantage of potentially benefitting all firms, particularly smaller firms, since the R&D Credit is only useful to firms
investment decisions. AT&T
investment in new generation capacity is fundamentally flawed
investment in research and development, and potentially
investment requirements
investment risk and the funding rules for defined benefit plans also
investment" is too restrictive. Liberty is also
investments for solvency. As a result, the Office
investments in community development bring economic
investments that are not critical to its investment decisions, "is
investor-owned utility customers from exercising their
investors of these instruments. Their participation
invited to participate, it mandates that Labor organizations be part of the task force
invoices for San Jose Evergreen Community College District before
invoked opposition from owners of vehicles currently within the 1993 to
involuntary detention could occur for anyone with a history of a mental
involuntary medication can be administered in a jail and county jail
involuntary medication. The sponsor states their concern is that being a
involuntary treatment
involved in the placement of children and adoption agencies
involved the unauthorized manufacture and sale of single records on
involved with any sports teams that are administered by schools
involved, as has been documented in many cases and a Dartmouth
involved, there is an overarching reason for an increase in the number of conversions. This is but a symptom of a larger problem caused chiefly by
involvedness as 'impossible to do a thorough investigation of this
involving guns in the City of Los Angeles. The City of Los Angeles has
involving investigation and prosecution of fraud cases
IOUs used rate reduction bonds to finance new DWR debt falling on IOU ratepayers
irreparable impact on the ability of the CPA to make a living even if the allegations contained in the accusation are dismissed. This is not an
irresponsible breeders. It will not, as many opponents have declared, put an end to purebred dogs and cats. Rather, it will ensure that only
is "?concerned that filling these positions with unlicensed
is "an unwarranted attempt to bypass the effective process and statutory
is 'siloed' into the various aspects of high-speed rail development
is 75% of pre-pandemic levels and costs and challenges undermine the stability of dental practices and dental plan provider networks. California Medical Association (CMA)
is a direct challenge to free speech, as well as to the religious and moral beliefs of persons running for public
is a jury trial to determine whether beyond a reasonable doubt the person
is a legitimate disagreement about whether a record is subject
is a perceived short-term imperfection in an existing policy rather
is a problem requiring the approximately 10,000 licensed PIs to take CE
is a promising step toward empowering Californians with preventive health and safety information to receive services and
is a prudent and timely measure to ensure the health and safety of our
is a technical clean-up measure that simply conform statute in a manner
is abusive and creates dangerously aggressive dogs." The Council also
is also ambiguous and would expand this proposed classification to
is also concerned that requiring boards of supervisors to
is also concerned that these additional requirements will make
is also opposed by the California Chamber of Commerce
is also opposed, taking the position that audiologists "do not have the clinical experience or the educational background to render disability determinations
is also opposed. In a recent letter to the current Secretary
is also the state-designated protection and advocacy agency, "SB 1051
is amended to read
is an SVP. Upon such a finding, the person is held for two years, with
is asked about non-criminal misconduct
is available in an area before approving additional development, I am
is available to justify submitting it to the crime lab within the five
is based on a false premise and outdated information. They
is being sought and obtained
is being violated by adding that a gambling license may be
is complete. In those cases, EBMUD and ACWA
is consistent with Legislative budget action on this
is contained in the budget trailer bill for resources issues
is covered by existing law, which prohibits a utility from imposing new
is critical to have time to determine how the bill might be amended to give
is currently structured, sales tax growth pays first for
is deemed to have satisfied this section by adopting a nationally or professionally recognized guideline
is developed
is directly and adversely substantially related to the qualifications, functions, or duties of the business or profession for which the present
is discovered, it creates the opportunity for a discrimination lawsuit
is equally crucial that funding be maintained for those agencies that
is essential, and those who fail should be held accountable. But this
is funded by the taxpayers to perform this function and should
is generally not within its purview, such as evaluating
is generated from Vehicle Code moving violations. The AAA
is granted by the court, the deferral of judgment may be cancelled
is imperative that local communities, public health officials and local law enforcement be provided the opportunity to
is important because placement outside of the country deprives courts of the power to monitor these children, the care they receive, and their
is important for the State to create an inventory of skills required to
is important to
is important to update this law to assure that crime victims will receive
is in active discussion with concerned and opposed parties
is in response to a provision that was amended out of the bill. The author's office is uncertain of the positions
is in the state's interest to
is indeterminable and would depend on actual declines in
is largely fiscal
is likely current law would cover the fear/threat of reporting immigration
is likely to be enacted in most, if not all, states. Its
is likely to be in each region
is loaded. Since cheap disposable cameras can clearly count
is more appropriate, given economic conditions
is necessary because unintended pregnancies can have serious
is necessary to defend consumer interests." Without fair
is newly registered or a used car is purchased and covered by a policy, even though this isn't required
is no "campus," local governments may attempt to include those facilities
is no known opposition
is no logical relationship between the privilege to operate a motor
is no mechanism to recoup the funds if the judge ultimately denies the claim. (Finally) the bill creates ambiguity and uncertainty for the employer
is no subsequent verification that the Mexican entities
is no wonder that, according to the author
is not a rarity-mattresses
is not allowed to set up (his/her) own standard of conduct
is not available for non-California licensed physicians. Supporters also
is not clear that quarterly reports are necessary, nor are written
is not clear that these reductions are a problem. They
is not dominant in its field, and regardless of its location, size or sales volume, would qualify toward meeting the 30
is not known how many of the former opponents may still oppose
is not possible
is not promoted or risk challenge of these requirements by relying on what
is now a narrow exemption from PERB for peace officers to a large group
is now the time to authorize a new form of bingo with an unproven track record
is open to suggested amendments concerning how the language in
is owed has many protections for Medi-Cal beneficiaries
is proprietary. The single greatest concern by opponents
is protected by Proposition 15, and that local land use decisions are
is protected from disclosure only as it is collected pursuant to
is providing insurance protection to individuals and businesses. Premiums collected from consumers are
is punishable by 120 days to 1 year in county jail and/or a
is replacing, has rank-and-file membership. Rank-and-file representation
is required during an emergency
is scanned and returned to the artist, who retains title
is sufficient, and that there is no specific knowledge that is unique to
is sufficiently vague and open-ended that it may be
is tantamount to a tax increase on California businesses. The Chamber notes the weekly maximum benefit for injured workers
is targeted at mobile sources of pollution that account for 80% of the nitrogen oxide emissions in the San Joaquin Valley
is that Health and Safety Codes Section 11200 restricts the refill of Schedule IV drugs to no more than five times and a
is the appropriate way to solve this problem. The instability in the housing market makes the repayment of these unsecured second mortgages
is the board's recommendation that California proceed
is the largest non-governmental provider of funds for
is the list of support and opposition on the prior version
is the potential for significantly raising health care
is the primary enforcer of financial regulatory rules. In support of this argument, MICA has provided the Committee with documentation from
is the proper agency to assume this function
is the reason a majority of the local electorate is require to increase a
is to provide maintenance and
is to provide them with a biased view that does not allow them to make
is unclear and ultimately ineffective. "First, the bill offers no clarity
is unclear if charter cities would be subject to the bill's provisions
is unclear. A clarifying amendment is needed
is unclear. In 1993, the total amount of fines levied against
is undefined and could be used to prevent them from financing
is under $1 million
is unfair to simply impose a blanket prohibition
is unnecessary and could overburden non-NEM customers. The PUC
is unnecessary and unwise to specify in statute how care is to
is unnecessary because current law establishes a multi-step process to
is unnecessary to ensure that school districts and county offices of education establish and
is unreasonable and unnecessary
is urgently needed because of the looming excise tax, which will increase
is vague and overinclusive, and raises significant constitutional concerns
is working with the author to fashion a system of graduated and lesser penalties
is, should the state underwrite the federal government for the cost of prosecution and incarceration
is, those least likely to need health insurance and most able
ISE Transportation recharged
Islands. The bill provides an exemption to existing law that
isolation room to appropriately care for a patient with a HAI and must
Israel is a state with policies and actions that California′s students have a right to examine through a variety of lenses, just as they would examine the policies and actions of the United
issue of domestic abuse in the LGBT community, and does not
issue paychecks that can be cashed without reduction
issue where dairy, bakery, and soft drink industries need to make sure
issued and the funds have reverted to the General Fund. For these
issued and the monies have reverted to the General Fund
issued and the monies have reverted to the GF
issued by the venue operator
issued in 2003-04 for tests taken in the year 2003. (ECS 69999.3)
issues and requests an amendment to resolve these problems
issues for care management
Issues Forum, San Diego, Sierra Club California
issues have been identified with regard the timing of closures, sale of DC properties, movement of residents, and availability of community placements for former DC residents
issues should be determined by the best interests of the child, not by the nature or status or the legal relationship
issues specific to communities of color, specifically increasing culturally and linguistically competent services and supporting practices aimed to
issues that are less relevant to California's needs but which must be
issues, which will ultimately impact the overall success of public safety realignment
it allegedly aids polluters? While well intentioned, without tighter
it allowed apportionment of the disability to other causes
It also exempts Los Angeles Unified - similar to the provision added to state law in 1976 for the San Diego Unified School District - from counting magnet school coordinators in its calculation
It also has
It also includes new provisions
it also prevents exchanging one problem for a new, potentially worse local
It also prohibits the unnecessary replacement of health insurance
It also requires
it appears from both federal and state case law that states may currently consider veteran's benefits in making
It argues that this would have two benefits: a) it would
it authorizes the LC to provide written notice to the judgment debtor employer that the LC will submit the ODA to the Tax
It can help
it cannot recruit and retain qualified staff for existing
it comes to preventing forest fires due to power lines
it crosses all boundaries and drastically impacts too many lives... Prevention begins simply by heightening awareness and breaking the silence by starting a conversation with parents
it crosses all boundaries and drastically impacts too many lives...Prevention begins simply by heightening awareness and breaking the silence by starting a conversation with parents
It decouples severance negotiations, including waiver of
it disregards the human capacity for rehabilitation
it does not have to cooperate with or
it empowers local governments to make the best decisions for
It has been one of the considerations that has led to most other state blood banks outsourcing their testing to other
it has concerns about provisions that allow a private right of action for failure to provide information about an annual safety plan
It has no opposition
it has recently become aware of an electronic method to skim sales that
it has two flaws: 1) The bill grants too much authority to the Secretary of State to establish election provisions and conditions by policy as
It is a narrowly tailored measure that
It is against this backdrop that CACJ
It is already against the law for California police officers and firefighters to strike because they provide essential public services
It is an affront to the core responsibility of a county board of supervisors that must identify budget priorities and allocate resources
it is asking them to forgo a constitutional right as a condition of receiving a public benefit that would otherwise be available to them. Finally
It is believed that amendments have all concerns
It is clear that Californians
It is clear that the VRBPAC and the ACIP are
It is common sense for a school to require suspended
It is commonly known that overcharging is a regular practice in juvenile
it is critical that California equip its students with necessary and easily accessible mental health resources for students to seek mental health
It is critical that California's laws empower family members and loved ones
it is critically important that parents entering the workforce have the ability
it is crucial for the hotline to be printed on the backs of pupil identification cards to provide further
it is crucial that Alzheimer's care
It is crucial that this resource is strengthened
It is crucial that we
it is difficult to allocate resources effectively and to make informed decisions about how best
It is essential that we prioritize the mental health
It is estimated that as many as half of domestic violence incidents begin with drinking (Alcohol Abuse and Domestic Violence, n
It is for these reasons ClimatePlan strongly
It is for these reasons that we must be
It is for these reasons that we strongly
It is for this reason that CDAA
It is imperative that
it is imperative that California facilitate the development of fusion energy
It is imperative that California not be added to the list of
it is imperative that probation officers
It is imperative that universities
It is imperative that we take action now
it is imperative to extend
it is imperative to renew funding from the California Firefighters Memorial Fund and allow the citizens of California to continue
it is important that COHS are subject to proper regulatory oversight
It is important that force, in law enforcement, whether in California of elsewhere be evaluated under the same stringent standard pronounced by the United
It is important to
it is important to remain disciplined when it comes to spending
it is in strong
it is in strong support of the goals of the bill, but
it is just done from
it is not abuse
It is not clear if the proposed amendments remove this opposition
it is not clear if they remove their opposition to the bill
It is not clear whether the Pipetrades Council or EDF
It is not clear whether the wind association remains
it is not clear whether these groups remain opposed to the bill
it is not delivered that way from the factory. How many improper citations
It is not feasible for manufacturers to design products to meet multiple recycled content requirements established by
It is not known at time of this writing if their position
It is not uncommon to see cases where the penalties exceed the alleged
it is often because the claim is missing critical clinical information
it is only a
It is our strong belief that AB 1377
It is our strong belief that AB 2137
it is overly restrictive and, therefore, lacks support in the motorcycle
It is possible that due process concerns could be raised about the license denials or suspensions by the Corporations Commissioner due to violations of similar licensing schemes, either of other
it is precisely
it is reasonable to assume that they continue to
It is supported by a broad coalition of numerous
It is supported by a number of other children's advocacy and labor groups
It is supported by the California Association of Health Facilities
it is the lack of judicial enforcement of the current law. Simply stated, few local police agencies have the desire to redirect their scarce resources to enforce the merchandise
It is the only child care program in the state set up
it is the position of CalAnimals that we can
It is time for California to join over 20
It is time for the State of California to fully
It is time to pause and survey the land
It is unacceptable to jeopardize the extension of this Board's critical
it is unclear if any additional revenues would be available
It is unclear if the Academic Senate
it is unclear if these entities remain
it is uncommon for a local government
it is vital that we remain disciplined when considering bills with significant fiscal implications that are not included in the budget
IT issues
it may necessitate local educational agencies to provide services and
it might follow that UC could similarly be an agent of social mobility for lower-wage workers at its campuses. Good intentions
It might make more sense to use this report as the forum for recognizing not only the "cutting edge" management practices being developed by individual water agencies but to prominently
it might produce evidence of a crime. A death alone is not
it more difficult for the people to amend their constitution and pass
it must do all that it can to ensure that California treatment programs cannot continue
it must include a prominent statement on the information panel disclosing the total percentage of fruit or vegetable juice contained in the food. Furthermore
it nearly impossible to uphold this law
It now
It promotes a proactive approach that works towards transparency and
it provided for a reduction of 15% if the employer makes a qualifying job offer
it remains unclear whether other labor organizations continue
It responded to the practice of agents to contact senior
It seeks amendments to modify the scope to only include patent infringement
it seeks amendments to regulate rates in the individual market to improve
It seems inappropriate to enact these heightened requirements in an
it shall be unlawful for a person to intentionally use
It should be noted that AB 3050 does not purport to address
It should be noted that state-supported summer and intersession courses
It should be noted that UC and CSU already offer extension programs and that community college extension programs are likely to be rather
It should be noted, however, that for any person or organization
it should be paid from the State Mandates Claim Fund if it
It should be reiterated that the bill does not prohibit paying someone a
it should have included the skilled and trained workforce requirement
It should include the child care facilities that allow parents to work, or the clinics that keep those housed locally healthy, working, and out
it stands to cost local law enforcement upwards of $1 million
it strips the Cal-OSHA Standards Board of its policymaking
It unequivocally
It unknown how many
it updates the assets limits for programs serving seniors and persons with disabilities
it updates the definition of a TAP to include more entities and increases the maximum grant amount and length of the award based on stakeholder feedback and the need for additional
it will add administrative costs that will reduce the availability of bond funds for projects
It will also ensure that local law enforcement agencies' written policies and standards on GVROs reflect the most up-to-date best practices for utilizing this life-saving tool
it will be essential that state financial aid be positioned
It will ensure consumer access to services while increasing consumer safeguards by authorizing the CBA to remove a state from the mobility program if it
It will help establish procedures so consumers can provide advanced consent to sharing account information with a designated trusted third party when the financial institution reasonably
it will just
it will need to deploy
it will provide consumers with greater protection against identity theft and financial fraud
It will provide evidence to reallocate funding to enable school districts to better assist chronically absent and habitually truant students by explicitly using services and
it will receive every one of those penalties
It would be bad policy to further deplete resources for victims of crime by requiring the California Victim Compensation Board to pay
It would change the law so that the state would not vest full faith and credit in any laws by other
it would have placed significant fiscal pressures on the state's
It would not matter whether
it would remove its opposition if this issue were addressed
It's a long-held and undisputed fact that live court reporters are the gold standard in capturing and creating verbatim transcripts in the United
it's important to require companies seeking the contracts to provide
It's informative to revisit the California legislature's reasoning for passing a dual placement microstamping madidate
It's no secret that the DOJ currently
it. Specifically, students have already taken the standardized tests in the Spring of 2003 that would qualify
its ability to ensure important public purpose programs from universal
its attempt to keep information about a candidate from the public. Persons who, through religious convictions, disagree
its computer systems are year 2000 compliant. was unwilling to add language which would
its employees and cannot force the actual employer to comply with an
its existing statutory authority
its existing workforce to take on the new employees
its findings with the federal Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and county health departments. GMA states its
its fundamental energy policy issues before addressing
its handling of claims filed by policyholders." DOI
its leadership in research into the development of new job-creating
its mission not by its governance structure, but by its lack
its opposition to the bill, based on what they claim is a
its procurement without DGS approval. (CSU indicates that, prior to this legislation, it could take up to eight weeks to receive the necessary approvals.) CSU is also concerned that
its provisions contingent upon the enactment of Assembly
its recent report
its strong opposition to the bill. The coalition
its workforce during the past year and is continuing to
itself represents far more than a fingerprint. Indeed, it
itself to input from all stakeholders. Labor representatives are
Ivory Wave,' 'Purple Wave,' 'Vanilla Sky,' and 'Bliss' are among the many street names of so-called designer drugs known as 'bath salts
Jackson Women's Health Organization in 2022 and now
jail stays for inmates who have been found mentally incompetent to stand
jails, there is no reason to expand the definition, which as written, could include ranches and camps and juvenile facilities
janitorial contractors and answer questions from employees
January 1, 2006, at which time the summer school
January 1, 2011, for specified TPP. AB 1812 was held in Committee on
January 10, 1996. Both AB 1220 (Pringle) and AB 1497 (Baldwin)
January 1996 and January 1998, while there was no decline
JCC also
jeopardizes a process that makes sense for park owners and residents, in
Jewish Public Affairs Committee of California (JPAC) is pleased
Joanne David on behalf of Haven Hills
Joaquin Valley with the necessary tools so that they may effectively
Joaquin, Stanislaus, Merced, Fresno and San Luis Obispo counties
jobs in California and manages a diverse portfolio that generates revenues
jobs on Saturday because dental student attend school Monday
jobs that could affect public safety
jobs, as opposed to automated wagering machines
jobsite requiring a background check. The California Bankers Association
Johnson & Johnson Foundation showed that 93% of surveyed healthcare workers were experiencing general stress
joint collaboration amongst various state agencies, mandatory notification on the part of employers, and simplified payment mechanisms
Joint letter from
Joint letter signed by representatives from the following organizations
jointly operated by school districts and family
jointly write the following
judge in 2002 when the sole witness to the offense
Judge Mary Ann Murphy affirmed charter schools' exemption in
judge or other independent party
judge panel's recommendations regarding parole reform. According to the PLO, "AB 1678 further burdens an already beleaguered CDCR with increased
judge who is lenient with DUI offenders. On the contrary, judges have
judges the discretion to fashion an appropriate sentence based
judges, lawyers, electronic
Judicial Council for the purpose of allowing a more efficient use of funds for such projects as computer automation
Judicial Council of AB 267 (House) California
Judicial Council regretfully
Judicial Council reports that filing a case in small
Judicial Council touched on the issues of legal aid fraud
Judicial Council, which
judicial discretion, while also approving mandated sanctions
judicial or administrative proceedings. The cap on attorney's
judicial oversight should not be eliminated
judicial relief
Judiciary Committee, and on 8/29/00 was re-amended in Senate
Judiciary, the CCIR's arguments appear to be misplaced, however, since nothing in the bill would appear to require any
Julianne D'Angelo Fellmeth, Administrative Director of the Center for Public Interest Law, who currently serves as the MBC Enforcement Monitor, states: "The State of California
July, the Office of the Attorney General released the first report
jurisdiction and thus would not have to comply with these rules. They
jurisdiction in California - the largest and most diverse state in the nation
jurisdiction over medical director decisions conflicts with
jurisdiction that employs peace officers
jurisdiction, and does not regulate the profession in any way
jurisdictions adjacent to many smaller mutual water companies
jurisdictions and have increased animal control costs, while decreasing
jurisdictions and the state by authorizing a financing mechanism to help
jurisdictions can apply for grants
jurisdictions in the state ...[and] will actually increase specifically the current 'unowned cat' problem that most of our shelters suffer from
jurisdictions may face different types of dog and cat overpopulation
jurisdictions, and criteria and standards for most are available in
jury to be incompetent to stand trial, and includes 'county jails' as
jury trial to determine whether beyond a reasonable doubt the person is
just as they do for now for fertility. ASRM concludes that fairness requires research participants receive the same compensation fertility donors presently receive
Just as with the initial passage of AB 1305, these actions will further ensure that projects are not over-credited and consumers can know what they are purchasing and the accuracy of the
just delay small businesses from starting operations. The CRA
just one of several measures pending on this general topic
Justice Coalition of Water, Inland Empire, Long
justice on wealth. CACJ writes, "Robbery is a crime of violence, a crime against the person rather than a property crime. As such, it is
justice under our system and it would be unwise for the Legislature to begin expanding its purview before enough time
Justice, Nuclear Information and Resource
Justice, Pacoima Beautiful, Physicians for
justifiable situations and under strict control
justification for prohibiting a contractor from bidding on
juvenile court, overcharging and overfiling of cases is a common problem
juvenile jury trials (National Center for Juvenile Justice, 2008)
juvenile justice commissions to include family members and certain mental
juvenile justice system strives to rehabilitate and
juvenile justice, "The problem with maxing out is that it renders parole
juvenile offenders and we should not hamstring DJF in its oversight of those wards
juveniles under limited circumstances, and 30 states do not allow for
Kaiser Permanente (KP) supports the bill's coverage expansion and insurance
Kaiser Permanente is pleased
Kaiser Permanente Medical Care Program to make the appropriate changes to qualify pharmacists to register for a DEA number and therefore initiate or adjust controlled substance drug therapy
keep a gun in the residence unless it is secured, is an appropriate
Keeping in line with more than 60 combined years of data from all of the
kept at the local level for important services such as schools, police and fire. They state the disclosure required in the bill will help
Kern County Board of Supervisors and supported by Kern County resource companies and community groups
Kern County Long-term Care Ombudsman Program also writes
Kern County Water District: GOVERNOR'S VETO MESSAGE
KEY POLICY ISSUE: Shall $8 million dollars from the Energy Resources
Key provisions relate to funding provided by the federal Office of Refugee Resettlement for the Refugee
key reasons in supporting the bill. While SB 23 does
killed in shelters
kinds of proposals. Treating EBT customers differently than others
kits redirects resources from the latter and undermines prioritization of testing based on the facts of the case and potential pending investigation
know full well which systems have been approved
know that teens that have been victims of abuse or have witnessed
know the importance of mastering English as quickly and as comprehensively as possible, in order to be
Knowing of your strong
known
known cost escalators to project future per-employee costs. UC also
known eye or visual cause for dyslexia and learning
known to the public and easily accessible
known. In other cases, we are completing analysis on cases where we are
KP also
L archmont United urges you
La Defensa "In California
label changes or re-registration of a product which has
label or copy from the Medi-Cal card or other proof of eligibility pursuant
labeling change or registration for another use (which requires an analysis of efficacy data). They are also
labeling law that applies to a variety of commodities, including fresh meat products. There is currently a two-year
labor - causing the overall increase in R&D expenditure to produce higher
labor and
labor and business organizations
Labor Coalition, including
Labor Commissioner's office often helps the claimant add potential
Labor Federation (the latter
Labor Federation and American Association of
Labor Federation, AFL-CIO, California Public
labor organizations and the State Lands Commission
Labor organizations including the California Labor Federation and the United Nurses Association of California/Union of Healthcare Professionals
Labor organizations writing in support of the bill
labor organizations. It is unknown whether these groups have removed
labs to collect and retain the name and signature of the patient from whom a biological specimen is obtained
LACCD and they are requesting legislative authorization to change the method of their governing board elections
LACCD DMC is excited to fully
lack of a robust review mechanism is out-of-step with practice in other
lack of AVVPAT technology and of state and federal
lack of DOJ enforcement and inspections
lack of jobs and educational opportunities in poor and minority
lack of understanding about domestic violence, BPH has construed a
lack vents is unsupported by fact
ladder attempting to get guidance in this vague area of the law. AB 2212
Laguna N. Neighborhood Association, Laguna
Landfill, including the Natural Resources Defense Council, the City of Oceanside and numerous bands of California Native American tribes, who
Landowners with previously permitted homes on levees are
lands and related funds
lands. Failing to charge rent to the owners of littoral land with access
language in the Penal Code. Also, the proposed language should include
language indicating that if a mandate is found in the bill
language is subject to any technical modifications to be
language of the bill clearly
language regarding electrical service that the service be
language requires additional amendments which it recommends. CHA's most
language should be removed as it is good state policy to
language will be proposed by the dealers prior to the committee hearing, after review by the DMV for
languages the water system would have to be ready to provide translation or
large $2,000 reimbursement. While many offices would doubtless welcome
large amounts of dope and case has created a state of affairs where
large backlog of petitions at the CPUC today and steps should be taken
large corporation or insurance company. The prospect of paying costly corporate attorneys fees is not a risk that
large number of prisons in San Bernardino County
large public gatherings that still hosts gun shows. This is the Cow
large spike in premiums due to having to subsidize the significantly
largely returned to the community in the form of claim
larger CPF local
larger financial benefit than state LIHTCs. As such, California tends to
largest and most prominent third party database is Clearview AI, the notorious company that scraped the entire Internet at scale without permission, notification or consent and now
largest share of Californians enrolled online at schools in other
laser treatment
last resort
last several years, DOC
Last year
last year and is no longer part of the county government
last year in my veto message on AB 2769, which was a
last year protects consumers in the event of plan-provider
last year's AB 2871 (Berg), which was vetoed by Governor
last year's AB 946 (Berg), which was vetoed by Governor Davis
Last year's budget act deleted $500,000 ($175,000, GF) in
Last year, a main point of contention between the California
Last year, I signed Assembly Bill 99 (Rainey) which
Last, CPEHN
Last, DHCS
Last, LHPC
Last, Natividad
Lastly
Lastly, CAEHA
Lastly, CAHP
Lastly, CFA
Lastly, COR indicates that making false
Lastly, CSU
Lastly, CWDA requests that it be made clear in the bill that these
Lastly, NPA
Lastly, the CYFC is also opposed to the provision easing
Lastly, the Department
late May this year
Late opposition (received after deadline to be included in
Late Support (received after deadline to be included in
late, and the individual would be subjected to the late payment penalty and interest
Latest amendment makes the City of Anaheim neutral
latest IPCC report
Latin American Law (CEDILLO)
Latino Issues Forum (LIF), which are concerned about water quality issues, particularly as they affect low-income Latinos, immigrant and minority communities
LAUSD is committed to providing every student with a quality education and
law allows counties to submit to the State
law already provides sufficient remedies for invasion of privacy, trespass, and other kinds of objectionable conduct, but NNPA
law by providing the assistance that California students with diabetes
law can be repealed
law enforcement advocates and criminal justice reform advocates
law enforcement agencies to accurately answer questions about the number
law enforcement agency may then take the evidence that person submits and use it in their investigation or
law enforcement agency, which is required to transmit this information
law enforcement agency. Do local governments have the personnel and capacity to obtain, process, and potentially transmit all of this data
Law enforcement and other management officials
law enforcement and others to increase the awareness and the prosecution
law enforcement and taxpayer advocacy organizations
law enforcement groups
law enforcement have positions of incalculable trust and power in our
law enforcement officers to assist communities fight crime
law enforcement organizations
law enforcement professionals and we strongly
law enforcement to prosecute drug users for possessing drug paraphernalia
law for fear of affecting their business, such as the loss of the ability to dispense controlled substances, which requires
law in 2002 by AB 2228 (Negrete McLeod), Chapter 845, Statutes
law is unclear because it does not address who should pay for the public
Law Judges and Hearing Officers in State (CASE), AB 334 provides an
law limit the ability of elected officials to choose whom to
law mandates that profit generated from these contracts is placed into the Inmate Welfare Fund (IWF), and
law provides appropriate protections for the interests of both
law requires an arrest before implied consent is deemed. This
law requires an employer to provide "reasonable" time, mandating a
law requires health plans to offer alcohol treatment to
law simply be repealed or extended. They further objected to a "capital
law those who are preparing the mechanic's lien, and the Proof of Service Affidavit that is now required, often do not know or have
law to deceased individuals and will thus encourage litigation
law violations of the independent contractors with whom they
law, because only abortion clinics and birthing centers are ineligible to
law, Information Technology is inappropriate and would
law, it would likely result in greater confusion and delay in the implementation of the orderly wind-down of redevelopment agencies
law, tenants are often confused or misled about their legal protections and about how much time they have to move when served with a notice to
law, the following would occur
law, to qualify for mental health counseling services, children must have
law-abiding citizens to exercise their rights
law. Supporters
LAW. THAT AMENDMENT WAS AGREED TO BEFORE THE BILL FAILED
law. The amended version of SB 92 proposes to
LAWA, this study was completed and recommendations were made well before
lawfully obtained or purchased with profits of criminal activity. This
lawfully perform the utilization review function. The Administrative
lawmakers at the time had blocked all attempts to legalize the profession and it was feared that
lawmakers would repeal or otherwise undermine the Act, if they had the authority to do so. Voter approval of the Act settled the legal question
laws be consistent
laws governing cities. Instead, the charter can provide alternate
laws have become popular based on the fiction that tethering
laws or regulations
laws or regulations that mandate rabies vaccinations for dogs as young as
laws pertaining to illegal advertisement practices, which target
laws raise serious civil liberties concerns including the right to be
laws regarding sidewalk repairs, and made the owner of the property on
laws via the initiative process by increasing the amount of signatures
laws, there is little to no incentive for unions to exercise caution in
laws. According to this view, Americorps participants become
lawsuits against the estate of the peace officer, as well
lawsuits. This hearing process, which was not a component of any prior
lawyer or law firm that schedules a shorthand reporter to create a record
Lawyers are incentivized to plead as many
lawyers perform substantial pro bono services or make
LAX. As you may know, last October, Los Angeles Mayor Antonio
layers of transparency by requiring submitting of contracts to the State
LBAHC to ensure the continued affordability of a portion of the Century Freeway affordable housing portfolio without the need for additional public subsidies
LCSWs engage in the practice of psychotherapy and have been independently diagnosing and treating patients since 1976. Their scope of practice specifies that they may practice psychotherapy
lead to endangerment of the surrounding communities. also
lead to the unintended consequence of harming legitimate business that
leader of the Girl Scout San Gorgonio Troop 76
leaders to remedy the situation
leaders, business leaders, and parents
leadership. In addition to these costs, the costs of instructional support staff assigned to a school district
leading to targeted
leads to more overall charitable donations
League and CSAC also
League of California Cities NOTE: SEE COMMENT 6 FOR PROPOSED AMENDMENTS. SB 1866 (Aanestad) PageB
League of California Cities, in an "opposed," position
League of California Cities, Oppose
League of Cities (wish scope of the bill to be expanded to include all cities)
League of Women Voters of California writes that they
League of Women Voters: While training shapes the behavior of law enforcement
Leandro, and Union City
Leandro, Sierra Club California, Sonoma County
learn benefits of affinity programs and return authorization
Learn Everything About the Parole Process
learn how a managed care system for uninsured working poor
learning enrichment after-school program
lease payments for portable classrooms
leases. Landlords will typically rent to one person and not want to be involved with the details of occupancy of the unit. As a result, lower-rent units in Los Angeles are
least 75 students qualify for free or reduced price
least every 3rd year thereafter until the child has completed
least once every seven years and requires HCD to inspect 5% of parks each year. Inspections could be triggered by health and safety code violations but HCD is given discretion to determine
Least restrictive environments/placements must be
least we can do is not finance their
leave it plan. Opponents
leave the opposition on the analyses. The opponents need
leave this responsibility with the supervisors
leaving because their
leaving many with limited resources and little
leaving small family farmers to develop new supply chains with little to no financial
led by the Civil Justice Association of California and the California Chamber of Commerce write the following
left in tact. There is merit in allowing Board
left local officials with unanswered questions and differing
legal aid groups
legal aid programs, the current "justice gap" in
Legal Assistance Foundation have expressed concern that AB 710 may have
legal cannabis industry needs a lifeline to ensure that the industry is able to survive and
legal counsel, largely because they cannot afford
legal redress due to a variety of substantive and technical obstacles in
legal requirements
Legal SB 74 (Leonard) Community Against Violence
Legal services programs encourage peaceful dispute
legal services. The private bar, acting on its own, cannot and should not be called upon to provide full
legal theories that are inconsistent with the contract." UC
LegiFax 70 cities
Legion and several other organizations representing or providing services
legislate that only the most extraordinary murders or forcible
legislation does not unduly burden the right of free expression, but
legislation early in 2006 to increase the penalties
Legislation enacted in 1993 gave CSU the authority to conduct
legislation I have signed to protect the confidentiality of citizens whose personal
legislation is fiscally imprudent and will do nothing to make our
legislation proposing changes to a PUC administered program
legislation providing for the use of magnets and animal and mineral products by licensed acupuncturists
legislation simply reaffirms the court's decision
legislation that
legislation that both restores the Board of Registered Nursing and restores the provisions of law relating to "bureau status" for expired
legislation to codify the IHub program and authorize state-owned property
legislation to create the State Council on Homelessness to
legislation to rule out the Altamont Pass as a route for express service
legislation will likely incur and the effect it will have on
legislation would be served more effectively by requiring the development
legislation, specifically SB 1414 (Migden), which requires
legislative authorization for the California Earthquake Authority (CEA) to become operational and offer earthquake insurance
legislative compromise, made when the energy efficiency
legislative direction, thereby jeopardizing adequate reduction of the state's GHG emissions
legislative guidance necessary. Virtual Radiologic reports that in some
legislative mandate and that this erosion will likely
legislative mandate may spawn additional uncertainty into a
legislative policy-making and budget investments have increasingly focused state
legislative process as opposed to the Governor's take it or
legislative protection to public lenders and private investors
legislative rate-setting is unnecessary as hospitals and health plans are
legislative resolution of this case will protect districts from further
legislative resolution to this situation, since current law
Legislative Session to provide a similar tax exemption for certain TPP
legislative solution to this issue, in response to a request from the Administration to allow newly appointed administrative leadership to
Legislative Sunset Review Committee process. The CDHA states
Legislature and Governor created a new fund
Legislature could leverage these funds
Legislature created several tax increment financing tools
Legislature passed SB 1439 (Glazer) with bipartisan
Legislature should continue
legitimate economic incentives that can be used to encourage local
legitimate expenses they incur while going through the process, including out-of-pocket lost wages, which the bill
legitimate forms of adult entertainment, which are protected. The U.S
legitimate sales, thereby damaging the businesses of the many artists, song writers, record labels, retailers, and legal music distributors that
legitimately through different types of visas. These workers are often
lengthen to 3 complete continuous years the amount of time an
lengthened from the current 45 days to 75
lengthier cases. The Judicial Council also objects to what it sees as a
less costly permitting of desalination projects
less expensively by some of the talented lawyers already employed by the State of California
less likely to approve future augmentations to local fire protection
less serious offenses, only the ZIP code is listed. Today anyone can
less than 15% of the allowed quota and are minimal compared to harvest
less than half of cancer patients get adequate pain relief, even though the means to relieve almost all cancer pain
less than the $60 noted in 4
less unbearable
less, it may cost the patient more depending on his or her health plan, and requests an amendment to clarify that the alternative drug must be less
source of funds used to pay these costs is the very same one that
specified, who have fulfilled the conditions of their probation or been
sponsor further
sponsors also
Such language might be later misused by courts
Supporters also
That said, existing law on this matter requires specified officials to sign these requests and contains a rebuttable presumption that effectively
Their letter
Their unique training and expertise can contribute meaningfully at a systems level
These groups
these legacy producers remain under-utilized in contributing to the public and consumer education efforts necessary
These organizations
They further
Unknown, because of the many changes in the compromise that have been
various public safety-specific tax and bond measures have appeared on local ballots up and down our state and received more than 55% majority vote
we cannot
We continue
We firmly
we fully
We must
We remain
We write
Writing in support
Writing in support, a coalition of organizations
1992) created a consolidated Department of Revenue and a Tax Commission
1993) eliminated BOE and FTB and replaced with Department of Revenue and Tax Court
1999) transferred DOI revenue collection functions to BOE
1] "Whatever Happened to Dynamic Revenue Analysis in California?" John
2000. That initiative gave California some of the toughest juvenile laws
2008: American Federation of State
2009: American Legion
2009: Bureau of State Audits American Federation of State
2021 Budget Act also set aside $300 million General Fund beginning in 2022-23
2] "Care Home Deaths Show System Failures," San Diego Union Tribune, Sept.7, 2013
3] Inspection Visits in Residential Care Facilities for the Elderly. C
4) LWIA boards and use of WIA funds. WIA funds are distributed to the states based on formulas that consider unemployment rates and other
4. No need to eliminate 15% good-time credits . Given that the Board of Prison Terms grants very few parole dates for
4] Department of Social Services spring finance letter CCLD-1, 2011-12
95,000 homeless youth are currently living on the streets of California and about 60% of youth being served are either self-emancipating from a foster
A 2018 analysis of United
A broad array of health care and public safety stakeholders
A broad coalition of boat and equipment manufacturers
A broad coalition of citizen
a coalition of affordable housing advocates including Circulate San Diego
A coalition of associations representing business
a coalition of consumer advocacy organizations
A coalition of consumer protection groups and legal aid organizations
a coalition of demand response
A coalition of employer associations, including the California Chamber of Commerce, is opposed and
A coalition of employer groups, including the California
A coalition of employer organizations, including the California Chamber of Commerce, is opposed and
A coalition of environmental justice and environmental organizations
a coalition of environmental organizations
A coalition of environmental organizations writes
A coalition of health care providers
a coalition of labor organizations
a coalition of LGBTQ+ advocates
A coalition of nonprofit legal organizations explain their
A coalition of opponents, including pesticide manufacturers, pest control operators, and agricultural trade organizations
A coalition of organizations
A coalition of organizations write
A coalition of payday lenders and other high-cost lenders
A coalition of POUs write
A coalition of privacy and civil liberties advocacy organizations consisting of ACLU California, Electronic Frontier Foundation, Media Alliance, and Oakland Privacy
a coalition of supporters, including Outdoor Outreach
A coalition of supporting organizations
A coalition of trade groups including CalChamber, TechNet, Civil Justice Association of California, Software Association, and American Association of Advertising Agencies
a coalition of utilities
A coalition of Veteran Service Organizations wrote
A coalition of worker advocates, including the California Rural Legal Assistance Foundation
a device that is reliable in preventing the firearm for which
a large coalition of nonprofit organizations
a long list of community health centers
A majority of Americans
A number of cannabis industry and union organizations
a number of environmental and conservation organizations
a number of environmental organizations
a number of water agencies
A number of water agencies
a range of civil rights organizations
a series of law enforcement entities
A variety of groups write
According to 's office
According to the California Partnership to End Domestic
According to the Depression and Bipolar
According to the United
accountability and a maximum threshold (proposed at 15%) for consortia members to carryover from year to year so
Acknowledging the tragedy of physical abuse of children, CACJ and its
Across the United
Act provides $220 billion to
addition, they
Additionally, AAM
Additionally, it
Additionally, Palo Verde CCD
Additionally, SEIU
Additionally, the California Medical Association (CMA)
Additionally, United
Alameda County Board of Supervisors and supported by a large number of food
Aligning the CTP to better
All children can be exposed to lead, but DPH
all those who supported the student along their way
allow locally elected officials to control the program without
also be used for supportive services that are used to enable a
also writes
Let us put in place laws that
Let's review the audit when it's released next spring to better determine the scope of the issue and what, if any, policy changes are necessary
letter is no longer reflective of the language of the measure
Letter submitted August 20, 2021, by the Consulate General Of The Republic Of Azerbaijan Los Angeles (please
letter that the MPM Task Force which represents park owners, residents, and HCD staff and meets every six months would
letter to either that committee or this
letter, raises several issues with respect to the creation of a tool that
Letters of opposition submitted do not reflect
Letters of support have been received and are on file from
Letters of support were submitted for previous version of the bill
Letters on file relate to bill as introduced, which pertained to
Letters received on AB 2161, provisions of which are now
Letters received opposing only portions of the bill were sent by California Arts Advocates
Letters received prior to 5/27 amendments
letters received prior to 6/25/97 amendments
Letters received prior to this version of the bill
letters recording their position as "neutral
letters with the committee in time for this analysis to so
levees" to guard against 1000-year events, and more recently, 600-year
level adjustments, it would be to the detriment of future students who
level data and even deidentified data can be misused. KP
level object to the provision requiring a 180-day break in service
level of care can be served for half this amount. And many need less
level of fines for infractions. The Teamsters
level. According to the CEA, the new IAL is more than sufficient to
level. For example, if there is a breach involving credit cards used at a
level. However, there is NO rank-and-file representation on either body
levels in the 1970s and 1980s
levels is difficult to produce, is proprietary, and of no
levels of arsenic and lead
levels of punishment for trafficking in the same product, we must
levels, a finding indicating the product is safe to use
levels. According to San Bernardino City Unified School
levels. The bill also would have established limits on
leverages into nearly $64 million in new funds for spinal cord injury
LHOs recognize the importance of designated
liabilities
liabilities of any group member resulting from any claim
liability (Summary 4) is that the provider "[h]as established and followed internal practices and procedures reasonably
liability actions. CAPLI
liability arises from transactions in which the taxpayer did not fail to
liability of employers and imposes restrictions on employers
liability on a highly dangerous activity by statute, and has previously
liability, AB 160 should be enacted
liable for acts or events of which he was unaware. There must be a noise, an impact, or some other indicator which places the driver on notice that
Liberties Union stated: "Fingerprints are two-dimensional
Liberties Union write that given the highly sensitive nature and complex
Liberties Union, are concerned with several aspects of the bill. The MPAA
Liberty Mutual Group shares AIA's concern that the bill's definition of "community development
liberty we exercise by living in a free society. United States District
license fee costs for commercial hunting clubs. They also
license fee for each property, resulted in a significant increase in
license fees
license fees actually resulted in a reduction in revenue, as fewer pet
license fees could decrease
license or identification card to submit proof that
license or special permit issued to a hospital for a violation
license tax
license the specific reason(s) for denial of a license. This practice
license without having to present any evidence whatsoever to a
license. Unlike other
licensed and expected to provide, for it is in the business of providing medical care to patients and protecting them from an
licensed child care facilities as demand grows due to
licensed hunters who purchase shotgun and rifle ammunition for legitimate
licensed in California, arguing that this denies experts, including physicians licensed in another state, from
licensees and exempt all others. In addition, DOC currently conducts an
Licensees are entitled to some due process before their license is
licensees is contrary to good public policy and allows
licensees poses an immediate risk of harm to the public, the agency should move quickly to produce evidence of that risk to an
licensees typically pay only part of the class "A" and "AA
licenses and fees is being used by the DOI for
licenses and identification cards for the longest
licenses and identification cards, are issued by the State Department
licenses for refusing a test, even when they may not have
licenses, provisional licenses and identification cards
licensing board within the preceding five seven years based on
licensing board within the preceding five seven years shall not be the basis for denial of a license if the basis for that disciplinary action
licensing category. The association
licensing compliance...In King County, Washington, after passage of a
licensing requirements
licensure and insurance, which state agencies could request proof of prior to the contract award
licensure criteria for ASCs. CANA
licensure fees
licensure to make sure military experience is counted where appropriate
lien holders collect excess proceeds from the sale of tax-defaulted property
liens and are often termed, super liens. This preferred status ensures
liens are payable in the order in which they are recorded. However, property tax and special assessment liens have priority over all other
liens are sufficient to satisfy federal requirements
life experience, that in reality, the vast majority of persons charged
Life insurers and producers
life issues related to the ports and goods movement industry, with an
life under certain circumstances. Non-sworn personnel have access to
lift the CPM ban until the Legislature was able to review the results of the evaluation
lift the deferred entry of judgment and schedule a dispositional hearing
light past General Fund budget cuts and the state's ongoing structural
light that certain members of the Sacramento County Sheriff's Department
Like California, many of those
like new spending on programs
like this one that single-out publishers and impose burdens on them that
like to offer additional suggestions for data
likely candidate to fill this role
likely cannot
likely direct file all such offenses into the adult court pursuant to WIC 707(d)
likely have similar outcomes to the general student population
Likely minor cost savings to BOE or CDTFA, since the agencies would no longer need to process requests for extensions or
likely the ability of innocent individuals to apply for or retain
likely the courts will require the state to reimburse cities and counties
likely to
likely to be deterred by the threat of an increased penalty. Moreover, sending mentally ill individuals to jails is no substitute for treatment
likely to develop long term health problems which will
likely to receive a rate that is substantially lower than the statewide
likely to transmit disease. Besides HemaCare, they note only
likely to update their information with the office when they move, change
likewise through an ordinance. The City of Chula Vista's ordinance, enacted by the voters, limits the city's ability to impose certain
Likewise, neither of these two issues are mentioned in federal RATT
Likewise, the 6
Likewise, there has been no determination of the impact the raises may have had on job growth and the survival of affected
limit equalization. The provided equalization funding based
limit for a rate imposed by a local government to service bond-debt
limit funding
limit notice to concurrent notice with release
limit on administrative expenses for all health
limit some of the financial risk to the State while
limit will be very burdensome on jurisdictions that, for reasons of resources and/or geography, submit evidence to crime labs on a less
limitation on the importation of certain thoroughbred races
limitations in coverage of O&P services have the potential to cause substantial and lasting disabilities
limitations, updated list is not available
limited immunity for businesses that engaged in conduct that was
limited in how much they can spend on initiatives and other forms
limited resources away from providing current services
limited resources away from their core mental health responsibilities in
limited those charges for patients below specified income
limited to
limited to SANDAG. PECG also suggests that the use of CM/CG, an
limited, particularly when compared to a state-supported enrollment
limited-term medical consultant
limiting local decision-making authority regarding resource allocation, or to allow more local discretion in this regard and instead hold
Limiting monthly payment to 10% of net income Opposition
limiting the collection to incidents occurring to children ages 0-19
limiting the sustainable development provisions to the Lanterman
limits a landlord's ability to respond to domestic violence situations and places landlords in the middle of domestic disputes "that are
limits on the use or disclosure of information in the absence of an objection. However, PAI
limits placed on the University by ACA 14 relative to contracting
limits, coverage elimination, increased deductibles and significant
limits. This would result in new annual General Fund
Lincoln, California, expresses concern that the bill will make charging
line law enforcement in newly incorporated cities and those cities that
line test for determining when property ownership has changed, and is
Lines 6-7.) Construction standards since that date have addressed lead exposure from pipe and plumbing
lines. This situation raises the potential for abuse by those who evade
lineups where the lineup administrator does not know who the suspect is, specific witness instructions, and sequential
Linkages between inpatient and outpatient treatment and community
Listed as support on analysis for Assembly Committee on Revenue and Taxation
listed in the definition of a serious mental disorder is schizophrenia, and request that one of the more typical serious mental disorders commonly seen
listed the following reasons
listing their former name on the Breeze system
literacy and preliteracy services to families that
litigated aggressively before a jury, with the presentation of experts
litigation and
litigation as the courts ponder whether or not 50 year sentences are also
litigation between local governments, developers, and easement holders
litigation costs because litigants will fight every document
litigation despite earnest efforts to train employees and require them to
litigation regarding this issue, it is premature to enact these
litigation. Additionally, the bill permits the labor
litigation. In particular, AEA
litter our cities
little benefit
little contact with the public
Little League or otherwise being involved with their
little or no benefit to low-income customers, due in part to the relatively moderate climate in its service area. Sempra
little point in broadening the employee tax credit to larger employers
little reason for 58 county health departments to
little to no
little, if any, justification for taking the decision-making out of the hands of judges
littoral land owners with access to private piers on state lands. These
live performance venue
lived in remote rural areas and the ATMs at Indian casinos were the closest ones to their location. It may be that CalWORKs recipients were
lives. No transmission of HIV has occurred on an adult set since 2004 nationwide
living with mental health conditions. They add that the LPS Act was
LLC writes
LLCs. Supporters, including the California Tax Reform Association and SEIU California
LNG facilities, which they indicate are currently undergoing
loan program established by the bill. CANP
loan which was recently forgiven. The funds are part
loans supported by CalCAP by reducing from 2% to 1% the minimum
loans that benefit from the financial assurances provided by CEUP
loans. CCUL
lobbying for construction funds
local agencies will incur wasted time and resources involving applicants
local agencies. It requires training for all peace officers in a
local agency is just as capable of reviewing proposed business
local agency labor disputes under the MMB Act. The governor
local and state businesses, government, tribal, environmental and recreational interests who
local and State contributions could be undermined if joint-use partners
local boards of supervisors
local boards should continue to have their current discretion. The League
Local chambers of commerce representing communities in the vicinity of the Salton Sea
local communities. The county
Local costs to counties of an unknown amount to adjust contracting processes and protocols
local decisions by setting the level of the fee in statute without regard
local districts be provided only to the extent that a
local election for a flood control fee assessment. The measure was
local emergency response systems
Americans for Safe Access (ASA) writes the following
Among other things, the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME), AFL-CIO
Among other things, the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees, AFL-CIO
and a large cadre of ADHCs/CBAS providers
and advocates for LGBTQ health and a number of ethnic communities
and build trust that can
and consumer advocates
and environmental organizations write
and give home-based food entrepreneurs more opportunities to earn extra income to help
and groups that
and higher education advocates jointly wrote
and higher education advocates wrote
and lack of social
and making connections with community-based
and may
and numerous other cyclist advocates
and other labor organizations write in strong
and others
and provide administrative
and Sonoma County
and Sunnyvale
and that California should continue
and the California Association of Realtors write
and the imperative
and Tuolumne County DA's
and Tustin
and Watsonville
and Windsor)
and with prompt implementation of the Annual Assurances
and Yuba
annual assessments to health facilities based on a percentage of their reported gross operating costs
annual costs in the mid hundreds of thousands of dollars
anyone can be a victim of sexual violence behind bars, typical victims
approved by the federal government
Approximately 17% of people in the United
are young, non-violent, or first time offenders. LGBT prisoners or those
areas of investment that
argues since an earthquake would likely cause a total loss to property
argues that it would
Arguments in Opposition 6Beds, an association of almost 2,000 small RCFEs
Arguments in Opposition A coalition of trade groups including CalChamber, TechNet, Civil Justice Association of California, Software Association, and American Association of Advertising Agencies
Arguments in Opposition According to the San Francisco Public Defender's Office (SFPDO), in opposition
Arguments in Opposition America's Physician Groups (APG)
Arguments in Opposition Catalysts for Local Control
Arguments in Opposition DHCS
Arguments in Opposition In opposition to the bill, the California Chamber of Commerce, along with a number of other business organizations
Arguments in Opposition In opposition, the Right to Life League
Arguments in Opposition Opposition
Arguments in Opposition Right to Life League
Arguments in Opposition The American Recyclable Plastic Bag Alliance (ARPBA)
Arguments in Opposition The California Chamber of Commerce (Chamber)
Arguments in Opposition The California Family Council
Arguments in Opposition The California Hospital Association (CHA)
Arguments in Opposition The California Medical Association (CMA)
Arguments in Opposition The California Nurses Association (CNA)
Arguments in Opposition The Citizens Commission on Human Rights (CCHR)
Arguments in Opposition The Civil Justice Association of California (CJAC)
Arguments in Opposition The County Behavioral Health Directors Association (CBHDA), in opposition
Arguments in Opposition The Department of Finance (DOF)
Arguments in Opposition The organization, Protection of the Educational Rights of Kids (PERK) - Advocacy
Arguments in Opposition The Right to Life League
Arguments in Opposition Unless Amended The California Chamber of Commerce
Arguments in OppositionThe California Chamber of Commerce
ART concludes by stating, that if the legislature
As a matter of policy, statutes of limitations recognize that when
as demonstrated by doula birth
As noted several religious and other groups who
As previously mentioned, the studies cited are irrelevant given that they were conducted years prior and over a dozen new
As such, DOF
As the bill analysis
As the City of Selma seeks to continue to reach our Regional Housing Needs Allocation (RHNA) goals and
As the days pass, stolen rental cars can be taken over the United
Assembly Committee on Business and Professions as part of its oversight and regulation of the Bureau
Assembly Committee on Business and Professions as part of its review of the authorities and activities of the boards and bureaus under DCA
Association (CMDA) makes a similar argument
Association indicates that "Efforts led by Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-CA)
Assuming a 10% increase in PFL care-related
Assuming a registrant changes e-mail addresses occasionally, or uses
At a time when families are struggling financially due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, CCC
attempt at this ill-conceived policy change. We were present during some
Attewell, Glase, and McFadden (2001) examined 16 studies published between 1987 and 1998, using data from Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom, and the United
author also
away from manufacturing and technology focused companies
Azerbaijan has been a long-standing and reliable partner of the United
Because of the proposed project's complexity and aggressive delivery schedule needed
becoming homeless or entering the criminal justice system, which further
behavior. "Under this standard, accidental infliction of disabling injury
bill's sponsor, the Conference of California Bar Associations
bill's sponsor, the Organization for Social Media Safety
Biotechnology firms and the California Chronic Care Coalition
buildings in order to preserve the value of their investment. CTRA
CAFP concludes that access to these community
California Association of Nonprofits and supported by a large coalition of nonprofit organizations
California Building and Construction Trades Council, AFL-CIO, the sponsor of the bill
California Building Industry Association, in support of the bill
California can achieve a more equitable system
California Chamber of Commerce and other industry groups who contest the legal authority of ARB to raise and distribute revenue through the use of an auction mechanism
California Chamber of Commerce. In its letter of opposition, the California Chamber of Commerce indicated that the following groups are also
California Chapter of the American College of Emergency Physicians (Cal-ACEP) is sponsoring the bill and says
