( ?j ? k
( Unable to verify at time of writing)
(*Prior version)
(3/26/15 version) (3/26/15 version)
(4/11/00 version)
(4/22/98 amended version)
(5/16/12) (per previous version of the bill)
(6/7/06 version of the bill)
(Accountancy provisions)
(all opposition is to prior version)
(all prior version)
(all received prior to May 1 amendments)
(all support to prior version of the bill)
(Applicable to the earlier version of the bill)
(April 11, 2019 bill version)
(As amended June 6, 2005. )
(As Introduced version)
(As it left the Senate on 5/12/03)
(As of 06/18/08)
(As of 06/18/08) None received
(As of 4/25/2000)
(as of 4/26/2005)
(As of 5/26/11 unknown with latest amendments)
(As of 7/1/07)
(As of 8/20/97 per Senate Transportation Committee analysis) )
(As of 8/28/03 version of bill)
(As of committee analysis)
(as of previous amended version)
(As of previous version before the bill was made a study)
(As of previous version when the bill had substantial provisions)
(As of Previous Version)
(As of prior amended version)
(as of prior amended version)
(As of prior version - unable to verify at time of this writing)
(As of Senate Education Committee anlysis)
(As of Senate Judiciary Committee, 7/1/03)
(As of Senate Public Safety analysis of 4/11/00. Unable to reverify at time of writing)
(As of the Assembly Labor and Employment Committee analysis of 7/8/03)
(As of the prior version)
(as of the prior version)
(as per Natural Resources Committee Analysis)
(as proposed to be amended) California's Coalition for Adequate School Housing
(As the bill was heard on April 24, 2007.)
(Assembly version of bill)
(AUTHOR'S OFFICE HAS RECEIVED THIS SUPPORT SINCE THE LATEST VERSION OF THE BILL.)
(Author's office indicates positions are from the previous version of bill.)
(b) authorizing monetary penalties for monitoring and reporting violations
(b) elimination of the requirement that needle exchange programs
(b) establish a limit to payments to a CLS, perhaps based on the first 60 days of triage
(b) existing theft statutes provide sufficient opportunity for prosecuting phishing
(b) provide funding for any mandated staffing increases in order for nursing homes to attract and retain qualified staff in a tight labor market
(b) the bill creates a continuously appropriated fund which would not be subject to DOF or legislative oversight
(b) the bill undercuts local authority by giving the state the right to intervene in local decisions
(based in part on the Assembly Natural Resources Committee
(Based on earlier amended version of bill)
(Based on earlier version of bill)
(based on previous version of bill) Alameda
(based on previous version)
(based on previous versions of bill)
(based on prior version of bill)
(based on prior version of bill) San Bernardino County Sheriff
(based on prior version of bill, unless noted)
(Based on Senate Insurance Committee Analysis of 7/16/97)
(based on testimony on SB 482)
(Based on the prior version of the bill - unable to verify at time of this writing)
(Based upon current version)
(Bill has only been in print since May 3, 2002, may be late opposition.)
(Bowen) Employees Association
(c) begin movement toward some form of licensure for CLSs
(c) eliminate the requirement for shift ratios and instead retain standards tied to minimum hours of care per patient
(c) there are no guarantees that federal funds would be available
(CAADV)
(Calderon) Page b Officerso Association
(California Association of School Business Officials Metropolitan Education District Riverside County School Superintendent Association San Bernardino County District Advocates for Better Schools
(California Defense Counsel is neutral on proposed amended version)
(CARA)
(CAUSE)
(CCBA)
(CCEEB)
(CCLEA)
(CCS)
(Cedillo) Association
(Cedillo) Citizens League
(Cedillo) of Hispanic Organizations
(CFT)
(Chan) Association
(CLCA)
(CNPA)
(Co-Sponsors)
(Costa) Employees Association
(CPA)
(CPCA)
(CSCSW)
(CSEA)
(CTC)
(Current version)
(Denham) Sheriff's Association
(Ducheny) Council
(Ducheny) Officers Association of CA, San Diego-Imperial County Chapter
(Dunn) of Commerce
(DUTRA)
(EM) power + Resilience Project
(end) Apple Valley Fire Protection District
(end) Association
(end) California Correctional Peace Officers Association
(end) California Union of Safety Employees
(end) City of Lakewood
(end) Little Hoover Commission
(Equipment Dealers): Berchtold Equipment Co. (Bakersfield, Delano and Santa Maria)
(Escutia) Citizens Against Lawsuit Abuse
(Figueroa) Bankers Association
(Figueroa) Cardiology Associates
(Figueroa) Conditioning and Heating Inc
(Figueroa) PageB Clearinghouse
(FLEXCOM)
(following from Assembly Committee on Public Safety analysis) California Catholic Conference of Bishops
(following from author) Sheriff Don Horsley, San Mateo County
(following from author) Sheriff, Sutter County
(following from the Assembly Committee on Public Safety Committee Analysis) California Catholic Conference of Bishops
(following per 's office 5/2/03) Hon. Richard Iglehart
(following support was to April 22, 2003, version) California Nurses Association
(for previous version of bill) State Association of County Auditors
(former) Senator Patrick Johnston
(from Judiciary Committee analysis) California Collaboration for Youth
(HOAC)
(Hughes)
(Jackson) Mar Monte
(Katz) Page b for Survivors of Domestic violence
(Kings County Supervisor
(Knight)
(KORETZ)
(Koretz) Association
(Kuehl) Advocates
(Kuehl) Owners Association
(Kuehl) Resource Services
(Laird)
(Laird) Project
(Leno) Aid Society
(Leno) Ami
(Leno) Association
(LONGVILLE)
(NATION)
(Opposition to SB 1438 on 6/15/04 was as follows:)
(Ortiz) Petroleum Association
(PAI)
(Parra)
(PAVLEY) (Support, if amended)
(Pavley) Association
(Pavley) Employees Association (CSEA)
(Peace) Liberties Union
(Peer Senate Education Committee)
(pending)
(per
(Per 6/22 Senate Judiciary Analysis))
(per AB 1178 Senate Floor Analyses
(per AB 1178 Senate Floor Analyses analysis)
(per AB 1199 analysis)
(Per AB 155 Sen. Local Gov't Cmte
(Per AB 155 Sen. Local Gov't Cmte. Analysis)
(Per Asm. E & R Cmte.)
(Per Asm. Loc. Gov't Com.)
(Per Asm. R&T Cmte. analysis)
(per Asm. Utilities & Commerce Cmte
(Per Assem. Governmental Organization Committee
(per Assembly
(Per Assembly B&P Committee
(per Assembly Elections and
(per Assembly Elections, Redistricting and Constitutional Amendments Committee
(per Assembly Energy and Commerce
(per Assembly Environmental Safety and Toxic Materials Committee
(Per Assembly Governmental
(per Assembly Higher
(per Assembly Labor and
(Per Assembly Natural
(per Assembly Public Employees, Retirement and
(Per Assembly Revenue & Taxation Committee
(per Assembly Revenue and
(Per Assembly Third Reading
(Per Assm. Insurance Committee anlaysis)
(Per Assm. Natural Resources Committee)
(Per Assm. Water Parks and
(per Education Committee analysis)
(Per EUC&C Committee analysis)
(per letters provided to Assembly Local Government Committee)
(Per Local Government Committee analysis)
(per prior version of the bill)
(Per SB 1993 analysis)
(Per Sen. Education Committee analysis)
(Per Sen. EU&C Committee analysis)
(Per Sen. Health Cmte. Analysis, unable to reverify)
(per Sen. L&IR Cmte. analysis)
(per Sen. L.I.&R analysis)
(Per Sen. Natural Resources & Wildlife Cmte.)
(Per Sen. PE&R Com. analysis 6/8/09)
(Per Sen. Veterans Affairs Committee analysis)
(per Senate Constitutional
(Per Senate Elections and
(per Senate Elections and Constitutional
(per Senate Elections, Reapportionment and
(Per Senate Energy, Utilities and
(per Senate Environment Quality Committee
(Per Senate G.O. Committee
(per Senate Insurance
(Per Senate Labor and
(per Senate Labor and Industrial Relations Committee
(Per Senate Local
(Per Senate Public
(per Senate Public Employment and
(Per Senate Public Employment and Retirement Committee
(per Senate Public Safety Committee
(per Senate Revenue
(Per Senate Revenue and Taxation Committee
(per Senate Revenue and Taxation Committee
(per Senate Transportation
(per Senate Veterans Affairs Committee
(Per the Asm. P.E.R.& S.S. Com.)
(Per the Assembly
(per the Assembly Appropriations Committee of 7/6/11)
(Per the Assembly Local
(Per the Assembly Public Safety Committee)
(Per the Senate Banking, Finance, & Insurance Committee)
(Per the Senate Environmental Quality Committee analysis of Unable to reverify at time of writing)
(per the Senate Environmental Quality Committee analysis of Unable to reverify at time of writing)
(Per Transportation Committee analysis)
(Perata) Law Center
(Polanco) Health Planning Council
(Polanco) PageB Liberties Union
(Prior amended version)
(Prior to 3/29 amendments)
(Prior to 5/20/99 amendment)
(Prior to Amended Version of June 20, 2005.)
(prior to author's amendments) California
(prior to latest
(prior to latest amendments)
(Prior to the April 19, 2007 amendment)
(Prior to the July 9, 2009 Amendments.)
(Prior to the June 27, 2007 Amendments)
(Prior version - unable to reverify at time of writing)
(prior version except where indicated)
(Prior Version of the Bill)
(prior versions of the bill)
(received as of 3/31/95)
(Received for prior version of the bill)
(Reflects 7/2/03 amended version.)
(Reflects opposition for the 6/27/05 version of AB 1059)
(Reflects opposition to previous version of bill)
(Reflects previous amended versions)
(reflects previous version)
(Reflects prior version - unable to reverify)
(reflects prior version of bill)
(reflects prior version of bill--unable to reverify)
(reflects Senate Natural Resources and Water Committee analysis)
(relates to prior version of bill)
(Riverside)
(Romero) Crime Victims Bureau
(Runner) PageB Sheriff
(SB 1X opposition list)
(SB 1X support list)
(See "Opposition response to proposed amendments unknown" in
(See "Recent amendments designed to address opposition" in above
(See "Recent and proposed amendments" in above Comments)
(See "Support and opposition" in the above comments.)
(See attached chart) SB 402
(see attached list)
(See Comment 6)
(See next page)
(SEIU)
(Senate Insurance
(Senate Insurance Committee
(Senate Public Safety Committee analysis)
(Sher)
(Shirley Horton) PageB Defenders Association
(Simitian) Association
(Solis) Caplan, Founder and Chairman of Frieda's
(Speier) Officers of California
(Steinberg) Incarceration
(Steinberg) Sheriff
(Submitted for previous, similar version)
(submitted on earlier version) Ellen R. Peck, Esq
(Submitted prior to recent amendments) Allstate Insurance Company
(Support as reflected on previous version.)
(Support as to prior version, unknown as to
(Support letters unrelated to current version of the bill)
(support received for prior version of bill) California District Attorneys Association
(support reflects prior version of bill)
(support to last amended version): California Land Title Association
(support to previous version) County Recorders' Association of AB 578 (Leno) California
(Support to SB 1438 on 6/15/04 was as follows:)
(Supporting original bill and/or urging deletion of June 29 amendments) ACLU Members for LPS Reform
(taken from the Senate Floor analysis and
(taken from the Senate Floor analysis, and
(Testified in Senate Revenue and Taxation Committee)
(The author's amendments to be offered in committee
(The business community has removed Opposition during last three days of the Conference Committee. Unable to determine Opposition due to time limitations.)
(The following groups opposed a prior version of the bill. It is not known at the time of this writing whether recent amendments would resolve their concerns.)
(The following groups opposed the prior version of the bill. It is unknown if the 8/6/97 amendments remove their
(The following letters pertain to the April 27, 2017, version of the bill.)
(The following opponents are indicated in the analysis of the Industrial Relations Committee: California Reform Sex Offender Laws)
(the following opposition is to prior versions of the bill) Public Citizen
(The following was the support on AB 718)
(These groups objected to previous versions
(THIS ANALYSIS REFLECTS AUTHOR'S AMENDMENTS TO BE OFFERED IN
(THIS IS THE LIST OF OPPOSITION FOR SB 1460)
(THIS IS THE LIST OF SUPPORT FOR AB 1460)
(This list reflects the opposition on SB 71)
(This list reflects the support on SB 71)
(to a prior version of the bill) Association of California Life and Health Insurance Companies
(to a prior version of the bill) California Chiropractic Association
(to April 15, 1997 version of the bill)
(per Asm. Utilities & Commerce Cmte)
(per Senate Energy, Utilities and
(To bill as introduced) Alliance of Automobile
(to earlier version of bill) American Civil Liberties Union
(to earlier version of the bill): California Welfare Directors Association (CWDA)
(to July 9th version): California Apartment Association
(to previous version of bill) American Electronics Association
(to previous version of bill) American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees, AFL-CIO (AFSCME)
(to previous version of the bill) Judicial Council
(to previous version)
(to previous version) Association of California Insurance Companies
(to previous version) Attorney General's Office
(To prior version of bill) Alameda County District Attorney's Office
(To prior version of bill) Center for Domestic Peace
(To Prior Version of the Bill)
(to prior version of the bill) California Association of Highway Patrolmen
(to prior version of the bill) California Attorneys for
(to prior version) California Attorneys for Criminal Justice
(to prior version) California District Attorneys Association
(to the current version of the bill)
(to the current version of the bill) Branagh Inc
(to the current version of the bill) California Medical Association
(to the current version of the bill) Consumer Attorneys of California
(to the previous version of the bill)
(to the prior version of the bill)
(Umberg)
(Unable of verify at time of writing)
(Unable reverify at time of writing)
(Unable to obtain statement of opposition relative to recent version of bill)
(unable to re- verify at time of writing)
(Unable to re-verify at time of this writing, per Senate Health and Human Services Committee
(Unable to re-verify at time of this writing, per Senate Health and Human Services Committee analysis of 7/2/03)
(Unable to re-verify at time of this writing, per Senate Health and Human Services Committee analysis of 7/9/03)
(Unable to re-verify at time of this writing-per
(Unable to re-verify at time of writin)
(unable to Re-verify at time of writing)
(Unable to re-verify due to time limitation)
(Unable to re-verify Support and
(Unable to referify at time of writing)
(unable to reverify at time
(unable to reverify at time of writing Cities of Clovis, El Cajon, Merced, and Pinole
(Unable to reverify if
(Unable to reverify opposition due to
(Unable to reverify Support and
(unable to reverity at time of writing)
(Unable to verify at time of writing - Per
(Unable to verify at time of writing - Per Senate Health and Human Services Committee
(Unable to verify at time of writing -- Per Sen. Education Committee
(Unable to verify at time of writing--reflects Senate Local
(Unable to verify support
(Unable to very at time of writing)
(Unavailable at time of writing)
(Unknown as of this version)
(Unknown as to current version - unable to verify support and opposition at time of this writing)
(Unknown at time of writing)
(Unknown to this version)
(unknown with latest amendment)
(Unknown with latest amendments)
(unknown with the latest version)
(Unless otherwise noted, positions are on prior version of the bill)
(Vargas)
(Vasconcellos) Rental
(Verfied 8/30/22)
(Verifed 5/18/21)
(Verifed 8/11/22)
(Verify 6/21/00)
(Verify unable to reverify at time of this writing)
(version amended 09/04/2009)
(Wayne)
(YEE)
2295 (El Monte)
3492 (North Antelope)
Amended)
(Unable to reverify Support
(prior version)
(As of previous amended version)
Association ("Save The Bay")
(end)
(Prior version)
(previous version)
(prior version of bill)
Co)
(as of previous version)
(as of prior version)
(continued)
(Prior Version)
(unable to re-verify due to time limitation)
(Unable to verity at time of writing)
DMV)
(CAR)
(per Assembly Local
(Prior to latest
(Unable to reverify support
(As of prior version)
(Current Version)
(None received as of June 15, 2005)
(per Assembly Environmental
(per Assembly Natural
(Per Assembly Revenue and Taxation Committee
(Per Senate Environmental Quality Committee
(per Senate Public Safety
(Per the Senate Transportation and Housing Committee analysis of Unable to reverify at time of writing)
(Please see attachment)
(Previous Version)
(Previous version)
(PREVIOUS VERSION)
(Prior version of the bill)
(The following support letters were received by the Senate Health Committee by April 18, 2007.)
(Unable to re-verify at time of this writing-per Senate Natural Resources and Wildlife Committee analysis of 6/24/03)
(Unable to re-verify)
(Unable to reverify
(Unable to verify at time of writing - Per Sen
(Verfied 8/27/24)
