Francisco, San Mateo, Alameda, Marin, and Contra Costa Counties
Francisco, Santa Clara and San Joaquin counties
Francisco, Stockton
Francisco, Stockton, Sunnyvale, Tracy, Tulare, Upland, Vista, Wasco, West
Francisco, the California State Association of Counties, the Regional
Francisco, which operates a curbside compost collection program, among
fraud and unlawful use of military seals in advertisements
fraud investigations and prosecutions. Should the Attorney General have a role in the part of the program
fraud. Current law lacks adequate safeguards against the theft and illegal distribution of prescription pads from Security Prescription
Fraud." In that report the highlight several news reports that suggest
fraudulent prescriptions and illegal distribution of controlled substances
free and appropriate public education, including students with special
free from punishment that is disproportionate to the offense.... We do not
free or subsidized programs of adult English language
freedom to price for services rendered
freely enter into contracts: for service
frequency. While PORAC understands that most of these open carry
frequent basis. Additionally, though an item may be booked into evidence
frequent contact between the attorney and the client and the ability to
frequently used to ensure quality care, medical staff
Fresno Council on Child County and Municipal Employees, AFL-CIO
Fresno County did not ask for creation of the Commission and the Fresno County Board of Supervisors
Fresno County writes it is
Fresno Zoological Society in an effort to raise additional revenues to support the zoo and related zoological facilities and purposes within Fresno County
Friendly outreach provides the opportunity to connect families with needed resources and
Friends of SB 1569 (Hayden) Project 10
Friends of the Ballona Wetlands, in support of the bill
Friends, numerous clinics, the Orange County Breast Cancer
friends, on the grounds that the HIPAA provisions are more
frivolous Labor Code-related lawsuits
from "manpower" to "employee," since the former is considered
from 2010 to 2020, faster than the average for all other occupations
from 25-to-life to twice the base terms - for specified third-strikers
from a lien was added in 1979. The 1992 amendments, Chapter 1001 (AB 3014), increased the maximum attorneys' fees to the prevailing
from a lifetime of guilt and criminal penalty if they were to otherwise
from a proposed governmental action pay for the public cost of that
from a simple majority of the members to a higher threshold. CCS
from any person licensed in another state, country or jurisdiction as a
from being further disadvantaged and from needlessly experiencing hunger
from breast cancer, and that without coverage for treatment, early detection will not only fail to save women's lives, but
from consideration of surcharges on ViOP providers and that
from continuing to increase prescription drug prices. The Association of California Life and Health Insurance Companies and the California Association of Health Plans
from corporations themselves
from dealers to locksmiths
from declining districts to districts with actual growth in
from DHS playground regulations
from discharge of indebtedness in order to grant additional tax relief to
from enacting labeling requirements. Also, Alaska's law has not been
from establishing a robust record on these matters, thus likely impacting
from financial abuse and fraud, we must be careful not to
from further committing crimes, thereby increasing public safety
from hackers." The author's most recent amendments, described above in
from holding a gaming license in California, leading to an
from income tax at a 28% rate. The taxpayer would receive about $9.30
FROM INDIVIDUAL BUILDING OWNERS
from individuals opposing the bill's
from July 1
from legal counsel, could well create confusion and ambiguity that could
from locally determined yar dsticks that are under no
from locating in California, and provide an excessive burden
from low income and minority homeowners who are reluctant to enroll in
from O&P altogether. According to Kaiser, some groups
from other important duties
from our communities recidivist criminals who have multiple prior
from personal training, a field which they
from predatory adult sex offenders. Juvenile offenders-whose sex offenses
from public fire agencies, which account for less than 20% of the emergency ambulance transportation in California. CAA
from raising the rent on a unit if the tenant moves out as a
from regulatory agencies in both countries (the FDA and Health Canada), which openly acknowledge the inability to guarantee
from research foundations, and CAHP sees no public purpose for
from seeking out unscrupulous shops and individuals who may install
from simply changing an e-mail address. Nor is there any reason to
from some of the highest rates of employment. Other supporters claim
from the "substandard list
from the 401(a) (17) limits from the Internal Revenue Service. The exemption was granted in 2007 thus allowing UCRS to calculate pensions on
from the bill. General concern is expressed by Golden State Life
from the commissioner to the governor
from the Department of Justice under existing law. We
from the Education Code the requirement that at least 3,000
from the energy crisis, the PUC ruled that greenfield
from the General Fund to GO-LCI
from the General Fund to the 988 State Suicide and Behavioral Health Services Fund to cover the state's first year of administrative costs and to fund the designated 988 centers
from the Internet. The Superintendent of Public
from the obligation to pay the CRS. The PUC also ruled that
from the original unaltered Medi-Cal card under circumstances controlled by
from the purchasers who are responsible for payment
from the report in the Index. DOJ is required to keep substantiated
from the requirements of this subdivision. (c) In addition to being subject to any applicable penalties set forth
from the Schedule IV. Although fenfluramine (and dexfenfluramine) may not meet the technical and pharmacological
from the scientific perspective, fails to consider the current
from the state and about $28 from the federal government so the total out
from the state to eligible property owners. Each year, the state imposes
from the training requirements-specifically, for those
from the UI administrative budget to fund a program that has proven
from their accounts at any time during the year
From these five sets of rules, nine different payment
from those ATMs was ultimately spent. It may be that those recipients
from unlawful or unfair practices by insurance companies
from using the medium
from using their cash grant to purchase alcohol and tobacco, nor would it
frozen salaries of top administrators and instituted furloughs impacting
FTB and supported by the State Controller
FTB further
FTB position is "Neutral
FTB voted 2-0
FTES for districts in the current and future years. This
fuel demands
fueling dispenser nozzles. AB 462 (Bonnie Lowenthal) passed the Assembly
fugitive
full lives in the community, effectively ending the Lanterman Act promise
full price for a replacement hunting or fishing license or stamp when, using ALDS, DFG can easily verify the customer's prior purchase of the license or stamp
full year CSR in the following year. This provision
full-time positions
fully
fully comply with both the Bagley-Keene Act and the Public Records Act
fully covered status. Another goal of the program is to
fully functioning (not expected until 2015). In addition, the CACEO
fully funded and some local and county pension funds are in jeopardy, UCRP is fully funded at more than 100% of its obligations-higher than
fully integrated systems of care result in better quality
function and public health departments should not be
functional purpose is served by this advance notice. Granted this
functions that can be performed more efficiently through technology to
functions. PECG seeks provisions mirroring those including in AB 401 (Daly)/Chapter 586 of 2013, which authorized Caltrans and regional
Fund (FGPF) money to pay for the feeding of California condors, a nongame
Fund (MALDEF): Statecraft
fund CalWORKS child care for these groups
Fund costs
fund due to an accounting error
fund emergency services that the local community is unwilling
fund facilities necessary for establishing new CSR
fund future self-help housing projects
Fund Her (prior version)
fund in most years. They
Fund so that it can be allocated by the California
fund the program. For example, in federal fiscal year 2004, 2005 and 2006, the state projects receiving $534 million in
fund them? While these CSOs will lose their ability to fund
Fund, 1 individual
Fund, could create a multi-billion dollar liability for the state, unnecessarily enters the federal government's domain, and is
fundamental in the physician's ability to provide the most
fundamental regulatory responsibility and potentially
fundamental shift in the lay nature of its board. The CSU
fundamental shift in the purpose of Mello-Roos taxes, which are intended
fundamentally unfair to the employer, to witnesses, and to local
fundamentally, we oppose SB 1173 because it sets up a
funded grants for spinal cord injury research. These funds have been
funding 8
funding additional research, additional General Fund monies should
funding commitment to expand the existing State
funding for counselors and librarians, both of which are integral to
funding from outside sources
funding in the governor's proposed 2004-05 budget for a
funding opportunities and policies which promote the development of aging-friendly
Funding received through the fee added to the tickets purchased will
funding sources are inconsistent with long held principles of California's civil service system, which hold that state employees should
funding that would help facilitate the discussion
funding the additional services it envisions. The 1999-2000 already includes the amount necessary to
funding the budget proposes $54.1 million for mental
funding to report school crime data, therefore the state
funding under the newly created block grant programs
Funding would
funding, existing programs providing free services in
funding. AB 2893 was refused concurrence in Senate amendments at
funds
funds allocated specifically for school districts and county offices of education. The Youth Authority has
funds and will sign legislation authorizing their expenditure
funds appropriated by the state for renovation of a
funds are used. Campaign contributions are intended to help elect
funds could be provided in the budget for this
funds from both the federal government and local
funds from existing programs, and it
funds from projects that benefit the entire travelling public. They also
funds in 2005-06 would be available to support core K-12
funds in the supplemental summer school program in
funds may be used for several discretionary purposes. Under
funds the enhancement and preservation of the Ballona Wetlands
funds to the original taxing entities. However, those
funds, but necessitate discussions about what kinds of development
funds. It is unclear whether their opposition is removed by
Further ACWA
further adds to the volatility problem by narrowing the base of the personal income tax
further business with the CCA program in perpetuity. The SFPUC
further compensation via the service charge proposed in the bill
further create gender confusion in society by loosely defining and altering a person's natural sex through the codification of gender
further deter future immigration attorneys from entering into this field
further employment with the state
further encouraged to include information on their web sites and other public materials that identify locations that accept
further federal guidance is issued. Public input will be sought prior
further masking the inequity and disproportionality of all youth of color in confinement
further masking the inequity and disproportionality of all youth of color in confinement. According to NOXTIN: Equal Justice for All
Further negotiations are still taking place between
further sanctions the public misunderstanding and harassment
further whatever limited discretion a judge may have in such cases
Further, according to a coalition of clean air and environmental advocacy
Further, ACWA
Further, as more
Further, at least 15 other
Further, CAHP
Further, CalChamber
Further, CFA
Further, CTA
Further, DPH's inability to help communities access safe drinking water
Further, in the Division of Measurement Standards 1996 survey, California retail prices were accurate or undercharged 97.8% of the time, which is above the national average. Opponents
Further, it
Further, opponents
Further, recently enacted legislation strengthens existing law by
Further, Sempra
Further, some of the
Further, SSCCC
Further, the California District Attorneys Association
Further, the cases CJAC cites did not involve underground natural gas
Further, the CSU
Further, The People Concern
Further, there is also language that
Further, they
furtherance of the purposes of the Political Reform Act as
Furthermore, 26
Furthermore, absent more information regarding
Furthermore, acknowledging the key role pharmacists play in managing chronic disease
Furthermore, ACWA
Furthermore, CPA
Furthermore, HAC
Furthermore, SB 404 applies to anyone who is perceived to provide
Furthermore, the AFPA
Furthermore, the bill
Furthermore, the creation of this agency
Furthermore, the CSA [Corrections Standards Authority], which the BSCC
Furthermore, the fact that the National Human Trafficking Hotline reports H-2A workers as the largest category of abuse cases
Furthermore, the Program's intent to fund joint-use ventures with equal
Furthermore, this legislation only applies to
Furthermore, while the bill proposes to capture more beverage containers
future additional cancer detection programs
future dangerousness. Because this law authorizes
future program costs within the fixed amount of funding provided by the federal government
future retirement benefit arrangements" for new public employees, "allowing
future stamps will be created based on national interest, historical
g) One educator or trainer in the field of criminal
g) require the Exchange to provide services and materials in languages other than English
g) Significant costs to the state and to schools
g. The IC would be allowed to
gang - "are easily, inadvertently violated by persons of goodwill" (OSCC) and "would entrap a great many lawful, well intended, but unwitting
gap that occurs within the auto auction and dismantling industry when
Gas Vehicle Coalition, California Public
General AB 856 (Caldera) Page w Electric
General Fund instead of through a regressive scheme of double taxation on families with incarcerated loved ones
General Fund MOE for CalWORKs of 75
General Fund or special fund such
General Fund to the Access to Justice Commission to administer a student loan repayment assistance program for service providers employed by qualifying legal service organizations and projects
General Fund to the Adult Reentry Grant administered by the Board of State and Community Corrections
General Fund would be required
General Fund)
