psychologists who do not directly provide mental health
PTA also
Public Advocate's Office and numerous private organizations
Public Affairs Council and other industry and labor organizations
Public and private colleges
public and private health care systems
public benefit for a sizable population who may have some
public charge doctrine have led to a confusing and hostile
public colleges and universities lack a system-wide policy
public defenders when they are arrested because they are indigent! While
public employers to amend retirement benefits except when prohibited by
public entity's liability be limited to the costs of the enforcement
public health consequences of a names-based HIV reporting system
public health crisis (AB 136 (Mazzoni), Chapter 762, Statutes of 1999)
Public Health Officer with explicit authority to determine whether a
public health- related incidents. A number of small grocers
public health. Contaminated fields essentially mean crop loss
public infrastructure and creating jobs
public insurance option, and state oversight of health insurance rates
public library jurisdiction to provide coordinated
Public opinion polling has consistently shown that voters
public policy, and a departure from the purposes of the Levine
public power is directly accountable to their
public protection and delay investigation of misconduct
public records." The additional fees "have no relationship to the cost
public relations strategy for HFP. The bill calls for
Public Rights Division also
public safety and reflects how transit systems are evolving to a prepaid
public safety because visual inspections will be limited and many local
Public safety groups including the Los Angeles County Professional Peace Officers Association and Deputy Sheriffs also
Public Safety Trailer bill which CDAA and Cal Chiefs
public safety. In the final analysis, the ONLY (sic) support recommending
public sector workers. They
public transportation projects
Public Utilities Commission (source California Water Association
public value that it can discern
public water supplies should be left up to local government
public works jobs. The standard of what constitutes "intent to defraud
Public-Private Partnerships. November 8, 2012
publicly accessible data is not only critical to strengthening the state's response-it is also essential for empowering local organizations like ours to strategically expand reintegration
published guidelines or instructional materials
publisher at no charge to a faculty member or other employee. (2) A bookstore public postsecondary education institution shall not
punish these types of crimes. Moreover, we
punishable by 16 months, 2, or 3 years in state prison, or 180
punishment and possibly even a felony conviction even though
punishment may be greater that for any prior gang act
punishment, and that 'although the agency is not precluded from proposing
punishment, if any, would be determined. The Supreme Court ruled that
punitive damages are often times not associated with any culpability on
pupils to complete homework that is assigned to them
purchase electronic systems be included in the bill
purchase generation capacity from coal-fired powerplants
purchase many common and cold remedies. Finally, the California Grocers Association
purchase of service costs for the previous fiscal year for consumers with
purchase price is higher. Because of this, they
purchased guns. What could not be determined from the study was whether
purchasers who are not properly licensed to sell, repair, or dismantle
purchasing and possessing firearms are also prohibited from purchasing
purchasing, public oversight of health insurance premiums, and the creation
purebred or not - will be exempt from the spay/neuter requirement
purely or primarily as a tax-advantaged savings vehicle rather than
purport to show an increased number of serious side effects
purports to be a document issued by a government agency, such as a driver's license, birth certificate, passport or
purports to be and must include a criminal background check
purpose of the Small Business Retention Program is
purpose, it provides no funding for the actual administrative costs
purpose] funding to pay for the classroom itself
purposes of a patient directory should inform patients
purposes of Section 1851, and hence exempt from the prior approval process of Proposition 103. Absent
purposes of sentencing under the three strikes law. AB 1751 failed
purposes other than solving and punishing crimes
purposes, or a statement that nothing in the bill is intended to prohibit
purses and commissions. If California was able to accept
pursuant to AB 1217 (Lowenthal) of 2013
pursuant to Chapter 4 (commencing with Section 6000) of Division
pursuant to Penal Code Section 851.86 (SB 618, Statutes of 2013)
pursuant to SB 740. The Year Round School Grant program no longer serves
pursue justice for incarcerated domestic violence victims, "AB 1593
pursuing treatments for cancer, AIDS and other diseases
purveyor boundaries often stretch across city and suburban boundaries and do not necessarily correspond to the ACS census language information
purview according to a specified timeline
put the Megan's Law list of offenders on a public access website with the offender's address, photo and list of offenses. For some offenders with
puts them at a competitive disadvantage, because other companies, such as
putting vendors at risk of losing their contract with the state and their
qualifications, and who comprise the membership of DMH's SVP Evaluator
qualified Associate Teacher permit holders in programs who could be providing instructional
qualified doctor can be denied the opportunity to join a
qualified for $24 million in sales and use tax exemptions
qualified pursuant to subdivision (b) or (c) of Section 480. (b) Nothing in this section shall apply to the licensure of persons
qualified retirement plans. The compensation limit for the 2011 calendar
qualified to participate in the workers' compensation system in the manner
qualifies as stalking
qualifies for permanent status to all certificated employees
qualify. However, that school district may also fail the declining enrollment requirement
qualifying jurisdiction, many of whom will likely never be involved in
quality and could quickly and efficiently take on the additional
Quality Management District, Steven and Michele
quality of care
quality of care. More direct measures of quality are available, including patient
quality or efficiency." In the paper, the author
quality patient care by reducing the financial burden of pharmaceutical
quality standards for ozone and particulate matter. The incentive funding
quality, environmental and public health groups, who expressed concern
quality. Last year's budget act deleted funding for the survey due to the state's severe fiscal constraints
quarter of all undocumented immigrants in the US live in California and one in ten workers is undocumented. These workers are forced to live in
Quarterhorse owners oppose the bill because they fear the increased wagering opportunities on simulcast races will reduce
quarterly, include the total number of employees of an employer, distinguish between full-time and part-time employees, and be aggregated by
Quentin is presently experiencing severe overcrowding, particularly among
question before the Supreme Court was whether a Tennessee state court had jurisdiction to hold a disabled veteran in contempt for failing to pay child
question the legality of using AB 32 fee revenue to fund activities not
question, 'How many individuals have been arrested or convicted of violating a lawfully issued gang injunction?' Unfortunately, because
question. While the CalWORKs grant is intended to provide assistance with
questions about what would be banned next and where the list would end
questions of security and unlawful use of the information
questions when health-related questions are used to ascertain an
quickly inform all County of those tax agents in violation of this
quickly resolve alleged violations of the Fish and Game Code
quiet heroism deserves to be shared with and celebrated by Americans from
Quikdrop is generally
R" Docker for Englebright
R" Dockers for Englebright
R&D Credits to unjustifiably high levels. They
races under some type of reciprocity agreement
races, which will give California racetracks a marketing tool and leverage with tracks outside of California. Presently, due to specific restrictions, California tracks are sending
racetracks a marketing tool and leverage with tracks outside of the United States. Presently, due to current restrictions, California tracks are sending their signal to out-of-country
racetracks were able to accept more out-of-state races under
raised and considered during a prosecution
raised by lesbian and gay parents need and deserve the same
raises many questions and concerns for our company." ... "It would appear
Ramirez Water District (source Northern Calfiornia Water Association
Ramirez Water District (source Northern California Water Association
rampant. AB 149 would promote voting rights by requiring the Dept. of Corrections, including parole and probation officers, to notify persons
ran a story highlighting the fact that CalWORKs cash assistance could be
Ranch, Friends Committee on Legislation of California, Lutheran Office of Public
Rancheria, San Diego County Ecumenical
range for permits fees of $205 to $485. They question why the proposed
range of exams every five years, it would have to expand
range of student learning. Therefore, they should be only an adjunct or
ranging from $34 to $47
ranging from $55 to $381
ranging from $6 million
Rape and sexual assault are a serious problem and deserve critical and analytical attention. Evidence based research has shown that all sex
Rape by force
rapes are worthy of consideration as 'particularly egregious
rare and accordingly, that employers and individuals would be
rate component are too narrow. Principally, the munies
rate equal to 110% of the hospital's actual costs. Additionally, SB
rate for summer school instruction. The bill would
rate has been in place since 2008. Hospitals often make changes to their
rate models are a critical tool for the Legislature
rate was set by the PUC in 1995 at half its identified costs, the development of which predated the warm line requirement. Moreover, AT&T
rate, it is unclear how necessary rate increases are
rate-regulation model which would phase in rate restriction requirements
rate. For the next three years, the maximum differential is 300 percent, and after the fifth year, is 200 percent higher than the lowest rate
ratepayers receive clean drinking water
ratepayers/voters, they will always set the best policies for
rates and benefits for services customarily performed by bargaining unit
rates of exhaust system tampering
rates of opioid prescription per 1
rates to be regulated so that they are not unfair, and so that consumer watch dog groups can participate in
rather a small above-ground butane gas tank explosion and the use of a
Rather it allows each respective jurisdiction to empower their voters to decide for themselves to increase said tax
rather prohibits payment on a per-affidavit basis
rather than a car occupied solely by its driver
Rather than burdening the courts, prosecutorial agencies or law
rather than criminal
Rather than prescribing a one-size-fits all approach, UC
rather than splitting the current 310 area code, which is in
rather than the library's director and staff. In addition
rather, would ensure that, while individuals are free to express
ratio at the participating colleges
ratio requirements, which provide a richer mix of professional
Rationale : Added by Assembly Appropriations Committee, this section presumes that by preventing the payment of awards for students who qualified for entitlements based on
Rationale : NCLB requires all schools that receive federal
Rationale : The declining enrollment provisions would make
Rationale: The elimination of the funding for this
raw sewage leaks
RCCD appreciates the authors' intention
RCFE facilities
RCFEs to meet the same standards as nursing facilities
RCRC also
RCRC strongly
RCRC writes
RCV has been successfully implemented in other jurisdictions in California and across the United
RDAs continue to be used for their originally intended purpose, affordable housing. They also
re-entry responsibilities
re-offend, thus less likely to endanger the public. Currently, many
re-refer the bill to the Senate Transportation Committee
reached conceptual agreement on most issues of contention
reaching their decision. It is believed these factors take more and more
read as follows
readily contemplated, and the breach of confidentiality will
reading level for deaf adults served by their agency is at a
real property, which are functionally necessary to the criminal activity
realignment funding for IHSS prioritizes that program above
Realignment has created enhanced danger for probation officers every day. Furthermore
realignment has resulted in an increased caseload
realignment were beneficiaries of sales tax revenue. Since
reallocated for special education programs, however, would not eliminate the need for payment for these
really know exactly what chemicals they are putting into their bodies
really necessary to implement the requirements of this
reason for contract termination or nonrenewal , and to
reason other than to afford an opportunity to object to the release
reason to deny Americorps participants the essential worker
reasonable doubt the person is a SVP. Upon such a finding, the person is held for two years or until the Director of DMH
reasonable doubt the person is an SVP. Upon such a finding, the person is
reasonable measures to assess new teachers and to help them
reasonable suspicion. As to the "special needs" doctrine, the purpose of taking blood alcohol tests at the scene of a fatal
reasonable to determine if illegal fees are being charged. They
reasonably available evidence
reasons in our view to eliminate [this assessment
reasons in supporting the bill. SB 23 addresses an
reasons, we are of the strong belief that only fully licensed
reasons. CCLHO opines that DMV needs all of the appropriate
rebates to customer generators for the installation of technologies such as
rebuild families
recall the matter from the third-party collection agency and otherwise
recanted
recanted were credible, and that the remaining witness who identified
receive 12 years in prison, whereas a person who robs a person
receive a waiver from the requirement, even in the event that they are
receive access to medications
receive after rebates could effectively result in the disclosure of state rebate amounts. It is unclear if drug
receive appropriate prescription drug information. DHS
receive credit for those expenditures under the bill
receive electric and gas from their existing investor-owned utility
receive financial support from the Authority
receive regarding possible incidents of abuse and neglect of residents in
receive seamless and continuous care through improved coordination and
receive some level of assistance, thereby improving their
receive the electronic renewal information, including conditional
receive the letter. The study concludes that gun law messaging increased
receive the much needed benefits counseling from trusted sources (sic)
receive the services and
receive their permanent license within 90 days, which CARS
received
received (e.g., educated labor force, investment in physical infrastructure, legal and public safety infrastructure). The single-sales factor apportionment would encourage out-of-state
received a more lenient sentence than the juvenile
received and are on file with the Committee
received and are on file with the Senate Governmental
received and are on file with the Senate Govrnmental
received and canvassed. The CACEO is also concerned about uncertainty
received as well as inspector's observations during the course
received by committee
Received by Committee or per Assembly analysis
received formal notification. The health plan language was
Received on or after April 19, 1998
received the letter was more than twice the rate of those who did not
received the recommendations of the Managed Health Care
received written opposition to the current version from the Northern California Power Agency
