require their licensure by state agencies. The State should
require to manage their diabetes during the school day
require women to stay in the hospital longer -- merely that
required by federal law. All of the actions required of the local
required by section 81012, to index this threshold
required by the BPT to make this comparison, and then to
required for qualifying the measure. It also inserts the legislature
required for survivor benefits
required for treatment by medical personnel is severely restricted
required for voluntary withdrawal of membership. The group
required hospitals to at least annually review and consult
required in Penal Code 602.1(a)
required in the bill also considers only savings when facility costs are
required managed care organizations to make available to
required on these products
required payment under protest prior to seeking alternative dispute
required SDE to issue a legal advisory explicitly stating that school
required to admit that it has violated the law, and provide a remedy even
required to apply for the funds appropriated in this
required to be prepared and submitted under the bill. One of the reports that continues to be required under AB 79 is the HFP annual report
required to go through a time-consuming and therefore expensive
required to go through the same competitive grant process that
required to have all their employees undergo criminal background checks
required to inspect the parks with a history of the most serious
required to meet the same accessibility standards as nursing
required to register as a sex offender, has been found guilty of a
required to report to the governor and the Legislature annually
required to successfully construct and operate a high-speed train
required to use its Title I basic grant funds to provide transportation
required to work with the Department of Transportation (Caltrans) to develop the State Transportation
required under current law. According to the WCLP, "One legal service
required under existing law. Under such plans, health workers
required under the voluntary guidelines. CHA
required within the Adult System of Care. CMHDA and CSAC also add that, even if they had the expertise, it would not be appropriate to require
requirement acts as a targeted restriction on abortion providers, or TRAP
requirement and were referred to district attorneys, 1,274 were found to
requirement and were referred to district attorneys, 505 had
requirement as a costly, cumbersome and unnecessary exercise that will
requirement be "directly related" to the individual's capacity and fitness to perform his duties. The ACLU
requirement for preliminary approval by campus chief executive officers and formal approval by the governing boards of settlements and informal resolutions
requirement in AB 2877 that a health plan have a prior
requirement may actually result in higher premiums, reduce consumer choice, and reduce quality, because a cap on administration costs discourages
requirement provisions in the bill are effectively meaningless, and instead, impose a new burden of data collection on pet stores, non-profit
requirement that an individual participate in a one-year batterers treatment program)
requirement that those criteria actually be satisfied in order to
requirement was amended out
requirement. CAHSAH
requirements
requirements are current and predictable is recommended. CMA suggests
requirements are not undermined
requirements are to be applied only on a prospective basis, and that
requirements as duplicative of existing ones, and indicate that despite
requirements based on risk assessment. Furthermore, CHA indicates
requirements being mandated by the European Union which has
requirements can lead to the imposition of financial
requirements for the city. Although charter cities can be made subject
requirements in the bill. According to the California Association of Suburban School Districts (CALSSD), "While it is completely appropriate
requirements necessary for workforce development
requirements only on the three investor-owned utilities and not on the municipal utilities. PG&E is also concerned that
requirements place an additional administrative burden on school districts
requirements relating to slow and nonpayment of emergency
requirements such that the provision does not apply to small or
requirements that voting system software be escrowed for state
requirements threatens their ability to continue to provide
requirements were removed with the last set of amendments. ACSA has also
requirements within the 60-day timeframe, thereby forcing a
requirements, and clarify cities' and counties' fee authority
requirements, and would not spur construction of new
requirements, not all of which are clear at this juncture. The Department of Education is currently working with stakeholders to
requirements, the need for which has not been demonstrated
requirements. As stated above, these provisions are being
requirements. CPIL
requirements. Drivers' licenses and identification
requirements. In addition, SB 260 prohibits a contract between a
requirements. The Commission is currently working on a simpler POBAR
requirements. The federal government informed DSS that
requirements. The Youth Law Center
requirements. To obtain a certificate of eligibility from the Department
requirements. TURN suggests that, in lieu of this legislation, the PUC
requires
requires a background check and a 10-day waiting period prior to
requires a mechanism for equalizing the negotiating
requires a much broader parent and community involvement process than
requires a specified warning in all advertisements for
requires a stable and predictable customer base, and
requires all city, county, regional, or other local agencies, in the development and operation of bikeways, to adhere to only the design
requires an agent to
requires CDFA to provide funds to farming nonprofits
requires cities and counties to provide to the Board
requires DHS to
requires health plans and health insurers to offer
Requires hospital employees regularly assigned to the emergency department
Requires hospitals to report acts of assault or battery, as specified
requires LWIA boards to spend 20% of their funds on training, beginning
requires mitigation of loss or damage to natural resources when a project
requires negotiation parties to meet and actually confer with one another
requires persons who engage
requires PI schools that are Title I (which. primarily serve poor pupils) and in year one of PI to notify parents they can transfer pupils to other
requires replacement of these units in rental dwellings within six years, the driving problem with these furnaces is the safety issue, and not the energy-efficiency issue
requires review of complaints by one or more medical
requires school districts to establish a plan for allowing nonmedical
requires that Medi-Cal remain the primary safety net for
Requires that there be a uniform methodology to calculate the individual budgets
requires the attention of local planning processes and an
requires the behavior to be severe and pervasive
requires the PUC to establish a pay-as-you-save pilot program to finance
requires the working group to submit a report to the Legislature on or before January 1
Requires use of a single financial management system agency which must
Requiring a crime lab to test a rape kit within 30 days of receipt also
requiring a hospital to remain open would result in an
Requiring an individual in need of personal
Requiring authorizers to consider, in renewing a charter, the extent to
requiring employers to pay prevailing wages to their employees on certain
requiring financial transaction reports is a persistent problem. Each
requiring mediation and fact-finding prior to imposing a last, best and final offer would simply add costs and be unhelpful to both the employer and the employees
requiring state agencies to provide vendors notification of vendor
requiring suspended pupils to complete the work that
requiring the counseling provided for in this section, the court may make an affirmative finding to that effect. The court
Requiring the governing board of each participating agency to adopt a
requiring the hotline to provide other information, including
requiring the local agency undertaking condemnation to absorb
requiring the minor to admit to the allegation with the understanding
requiring their disciplinary proceedings to be in accordance
rerun election if a new election would further the purpose of the Agricultural Labor Relations Act
rescheduled
rescission after two years, except in the instance of fraud. Blue Shield
rescission remedies are already available-and will be
research and technology development strategies, for AB 32 (the California Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006). These groups also oppose placing
research being brought into the state through federal and other grant sources
Research by the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP)
Research does NOT
Research Group, California School Employees
Research Group, Campaign to Safeguard America's
research into a cure for homosexuality. In 1973, the American Psychiatric
Research on extreme sentence lengths offers little to no
research or administration
Research shows that incarcerated individuals who
research that involves destruction of human embryos or cloning of human embryos for purposes of deriving human stem cells and they
research work developed before EDD can provide an accurate cost estimate
research, but departments will require one or two semesters as a TA in
research, endangered species preservation and emergency food assistance
research, juvenile sex offenders are, in general, substantially different
research. They specifically
Researched and compiled from various sources by the Assembly Committee on Jobs, Economic Development, and the Economy
reserve to fund the health care costs
reserved for the 'worst-of-the-worst' offenses. AB 520 restores this
reserved for truly exigent circumstances, and not reduced to a constant
reserving requirement. That requirement inappropriately tied up capital, and added nothing to the overall ability of the Insurance Commissioner to
residence
residence with a person who is prohibited from possessing a gun, may not
resident who wishes to leave a nursing home with a transition service
resident would be required to contact the police
residential care facility. The Association of California Life and Health Insurance Companies (ACLHIC), for example
residential facility. Additionally, if the individual were to be accused
residents and employees of those centers. They
residents of Brandon Place Senior Apartments
residents of El Rio and Strickland Acres
residents of San Luis Obispo County, nor were they committed by the county. The sponsor cites, in addition to the $25,000 incurred last
residents of the breach should only be required to provide the specified
residents of the developmental centers deserve these same opportunities
Residents of the flooded areas
residents should be strengthened, and the mechanism for connecting a
residents to offset higher telecommunications costs. Contrary
residents will go from a SNF to either independent or assisted living at
residents, there may no longer be an open bed to accommodate the resident, or the resident no longer needs the services of the LTCF
residents, who are very medically fragile or who have complex and challenging behaviors. The Task Force also reviewed the current
residing in these separate homes gather at one of the residences for
resigned, causing the dismissal of two cases and placing numerous pending
resolution "will lead to either reduced course sections or reduced
resolution before the Workers' Compensation Appeals Board. CCPOA
resolution consenting to the diversion. This section is particularly
resolution contains a litany of untruths
resolution if its message to Congress was solely pertinent to delaying the names-based funding allocation formula
resolution of small telephone companies' general rate case proposals
resolution or decided in less desirable ways depends
resolution process by creating a new civil cause of action for
resolution, efficiently serve millions of poor
resolution, or opt-in before any diversion of property taxes from local
resolve other cases
resolve their differences, and have made progress as
resolve this concern, and the author has indicated willingness to
resolved in a timely manner but is concerned that by providing automatic
resolved. It is the U.S. Department of Labor, not the Labor
resorts, the substance of the bill contains unjustified litigation traps
Resource Institute, and many individual churches generally
Resource Recovery Association, California State
Resource Recovery Association, Californians
resource requirements to shift to an alternative, the additional costs to OEHHA to recommend and identify safer, but
resources and barriers to transition. CHA indicates it is committed to
Resources Board has not yet completed its implementation plan, including
Resources Committee (8-0) and the Assembly (73-0). That bill with similar
resources for local treatment to control and eradicate the Red Imported Fire Ant (RIFA). However, I am reducing the appropriation by $7,500,000 leaving
resources should be directed towards making sure that
resources to adequately serve the needs of its students. LA
resources, and the five listed priorities do not include any language that
resources. At worst, vigilante citizens may try unnecessarily
resources. Cases are being litigated up and down the appellate court
Respect for a system of laws is not encouraged if most
Respect for the law depends upon public confidence
respectfully disagree with the remedy that is embodied in Senate Bill
respectfully requests your
respective academies. They are one of the very few law enforcement
respectively
respects, including deleting language relating to cultural
respond to emergencies quicker and more efficiently. To further enhance
respond to recent actions by a health insurance carrier that made material
responding to 9-1-1 calls, to deliver their patients to licensed EDs
response insurance should be included in the law. The direct response insurers
response to special circumstances murder committed by specified juveniles
response" prior to the running of the statute of limitations
responsibilities of the factfinding panel and interested parties, and made specified exemptions from these provisions
responsibilities to examine and regulate HMOs, DOC was
responsibilities to provide services to Medi-Cal enrolled students under
responsibilities to the PERB
responsibility already included in the screening and referral process in
responsibility for a PG&E bankruptcy-related charge. At the time this analysis was written, the committee had only
Responsibility for eradication efforts must be borne
responsibility for the BSC that is outside the scope of its expertise and will impede the commission's ability to complete the 2012 Triennial Code
responsibility for the operation and maintenance of levees and flood control systems to be liable for damage simply because
responsibility for these youth, without necessary support or
Responsibility for this program has been
responsibility to do this, and it is therefore inappropriate
responsibility to evaluate these employees and assist them to
responsibility to serve the institution as a whole and not any
responsibility to the Department of Information
responsibility under AB 2627 have none. It may, therefore, be
Responsibility, Bay Area Air Quality Management
Responsibility, Natural Resources Defense
Responsibility, Planning and Conservation
Responsibility-LA, Planning and Conservation
Responsibility-Los Angeles, Planning and Conservation League, San Francisco AIDS
Responsibility-Los Angeles, Planning and Conservation League, Sierra Club California, The Beast Cancer Fund
responsibility. SWRCB already oversees several funding programs under
responsibility. Therefore, I am directing the Secretary of Food and Agriculture to seek additional
responsible bidder for competitive contracts
Responsible breeders who carefully select homes for one or two litters a
responsible for ensuring that their child attends
responsible for preparing initiative and referendum petitions that can be
responsible for the contamination if they were not part of the original suit
responsible' breeder, ask them to prove no puppy or kitten they have
rest periods and fatigue mitigation standards, and implements thorough
restaurant and hospitality industry and local chambers of commerce
restaurant and nightlife industry associations
restitution, and thereby profit from the reprehensible crime of human
restoration of competency and resolution of their legal issues
restoration projects would likely occur
restore urban dwellings and businesses that have been
restores a critical source of funding and removes the current revenue
restoring them to competency and returning them to court for trial could
Restoring visiting
