prescription process has out-lived its utility as demonstrated
prescription will make it easier for drug users, including
prescriptions, and furthers optimal pharmaceutical care
present an employee not quite ready to return to work
present densities. SB 1322, however, takes away a community's
present health concerns and is proposing amendments to clarify which
present in tested participants without proper context of what
present value of the ERAF diversions over this time period is estimated
present, no known California end users for the material types SB 402
presentation of all the evidence, whether or not the facts and circumstances are sufficient to lead them to
presentation of persons in a lineup. "Research has
presented to me that justifies a rigid, 30 day deadline for a written response
presently the case. The bill would permit independent clinicians to
Presently, California is one of only 22
Presently, if a suspect can remain unidentified for three years, the only
presents a number of museum quality anatomy exhibitions including "Bodies
presents a risk to the consumer? Or does it provide the consumer with the information they need to make an informed choice about the products they
preservation and the reuse of historic resources
preservation, or new basketball courts
preserve options for WIC participants by allowing vendors to remain in
preserve the Board's opportunity to assist in setting
preserves judicial discretion and due process
preserving property they
President Trump has withdrawn the United
pressing funding needs. The LAO recommends redirecting the equalization funding to pay off some of the state's deferrals
pressure and steering by health plan employees. They
pressure of $74 million in Proposition 98 General Fund to
pressure on large purchasers to contain costs to stay under the taxation thresholds
pressure sales tactics, since insureds must contact them
pressure. Given that the offenses in question are by definition Welfare and Institutions Code section 707(b) offenses committed by minors 16 or
Pressures to adhere to plan guidelines or risk denial of payment prevent the physicians from making decisions based on
Presumably the intent is to address geographical proximity, so perhaps
Presumably, others
presumption" language, allowing a taxpayer to appeal the valuation. Under
prevalence of abortion in the County likely reflects better access in the city than other parts of California and even other
prevalence of communicable diseases, drug and chemical
prevalence of undue influence by former local elected
prevent a PWS from waiting for an indefinite period of time
prevent abuse of market power
Prevent Gun Violence, " Under existing law, county sheriffs issue CCW
prevent human trafficking defendants from liquidating and hiding their
prevent improper or illegal computer use. The bill requires
prevent the growth in the number of CEA policyholders? If
prevent them from obtaining coverage, and then could provide
preventative detention based on future behavior, it involves a
preventing the abuse of the investigation process, which prevents
prevention and early intervention through these pupil
prevention and response work
prevention educational resources to the SPI, for
prevention efforts, among other benefits, and that the benefits
prevention strategies, practical applications of violence prevention
prevention, I am directing the Department of Health
prevention/prosecution program
prevents a registered sex offender from simply changing an e-mail
prevents school districts from adopting a policy
previous opposition was based on a misinterpretation of the bill
previous provisions on smog checks for older
previous version of bill)
Previous version of the bill
previous version) -- END
previous versions, but amendments may have taken care of their concerns
previously appeared on the DOJ approved roster with no means to sell or
previously offered to California bettors is no longer available
previously rejected the sale of their wastewater plant
previously-approved project
price advantage to wine over beer in the military base market
price and subsequent assessed value of a property. In response
price comparison information on at least 50 commonly
price than the actual purchase price
price, after rebates from the drug's manufacturer, is the same
pricing guide such as the Kelley Blue Book, because they
primarily
primarily by the areas impacted, and funding for
primarily circumstantial and require no finding that these
primarily concerned with the private right of action and provisions for
primarily on the grounds that the appraisal review process is
primarily small business entrepreneurs, from collecting sales
primary law enforcement agency responsible for policing the City's 470
Principal and Assistant Principal
principals is excessively restrictive and unnecessary. They cite
principle that energy storage could benefit the electrical system
principle upon which this country was founded. Fairness and impartiality
printed and mailed, which would help support CalSTRS's ongoing commitment
Printers. SB 360 provides additional requirements and sanctions for
prior approval process appropriate to address the problem or will market forces address the problem
prior convictions, juvenile findings, and defendant's probation/parole
Prior legislation : A similar bill was last proposed in 1992 (AB 2983). It got held and died in the Senate Committee on Insurance, Claims, and Corporations
Prior Legislation: AB 3203 (V.Brown) (The provision related to the length of prospective tenants' leases was deleted from the bill by the author in the Senate Judiciary Committee)
prior to applying for a wire intercept. (Penal Code Section 629.50.)
prior to approving or disapproving a proposed superstore retailer
prior to commencement of service, thus greatly curtailing a local
Prior to deciding
prior to enactment of the reforms. In essence, these
prior to initiating a construction project...Under AB 870, a construction
Prior to latest amendments
Prior to the enactment of Penal Code Section 629.50 et seq., wiretapping
prior to the game being found illegal. This past legislative session, my Administration sponsored several bills to address the issue of tort
Prior to the January 4, 2010 amendments
prior to the June 9
Prior to the most recent amendments, the California New Car
Prior to the most recent amendments, the opposition stated that the bill was anti-competitve and would harm health care by increasing costs. They felt
prior to the State's enactment of the handgun roster law. The passage AB
Prior to the transition to the Statewide Authority, the counties
prior version
Prior version of bill
Prior version of bill which contained an appropriation for counties
Prior Version of the Bill
prior version) American Federation of State
prior version) California Apartment Association (prior version)
prior version) California Association of Health Plans
Prior version: 100% Campaign, Blue Shield of California
Prior versions of SCA 14 were opposed by Charles T. Munger, Jr. and Sam Blakeslee (CLTA proponents), and the First Amendment Coalition
prior' to describe an offense has a particular meaning and signifies
priorities and resources as well as case-specific factors to govern this
priorities do not include any language that would refer to violations of professional standards in the conduct of utilization review
priorities. They
prioritize and conduct maintenance inspections effectively
prioritize veterans in the target population area, beyond what was already
Priority . The Wilson Administration has proposed the elimination of Medi-Cal prenatal care for undocumented women
priority purchase rights to public entities operating qualified
prison overcrowding by preventing low-risk parolees from being
prison, for any person convicted of a felony, or who is addicted to
prison. In 2010, Carillo filed a petition for writ of habeas corpus
Prisoners with
prisoners with hepatitis C
prisons by staff, who are not required to pass through metal detectors
prisons do not provide similar access and will, among other things, increase the costs of representation by increasing the travel expenses
Privacy advocates request that data sharing be specifically limited to declared
privacy and freedom of association, as the bill is not narrowly tailored to further a
private construction work. Specifically, they
private contracts between customers and business. The Service Employees
private employees as less serious than the murder of a code enforcement officer
private gain
private hearing with the Governor at his counsel's request
private information by means of an ex parte court order
private or federal dollars
private organizations that advocate for the humane treatment of animals
private party for a private use
private social clubs that openly discriminate. Nevertheless, the state continues to afford these organizations exempt status under the tax code, indirectly subsidizing their conduct
private, voluntary contract discussion between Kaiser and one of their
privatization of public services, especially public safety and correctional services
proactively approach community development investments
probable cause
probable cause or individualized suspicion is constitutionally
probable cause to
probable cause. In limited circumstances, the Fourth Amendment
probably cause
probably constitute a minute fraction of CCC enrollment, and are unlikely
Probation and counties work closely and earnestly to help providers identify or use local meeting spaces and additional
probation condition [subjects] individuals to a jail
probation into the application of academic and progress standards
probation is made suspending the imposition of sentence. However, a board may not deny a license to an applicant who is otherwise
probation officers: in Marin County
probation or electronic detection and instead chose to
probation. The program incorporates specific
problem and provide people in long-term care an exemption from
problem because the new statu[t]e
problem by expanding these protections to SAR dog teams registered by the California Emergency Management Agency (Cal EMA). It would also clarify
problem by requiring the adoption of a methodology to keep track of wait times
problem by targeting the biggest contributors to pet overpopulation
problem in the individual market. Insurers and some business
problem with respect to service of process, not default judgments in debt
problem. They
problems in that there is no requirement that a nexus be
problems relating to substance abuse, mental health, domestic violence and learning disabilities
problems that could have been treated or prevented by a longer
problems. It further indicates that "the best way to create robust bicycle
problems. The director indicates that San Francisco generally does not
procedural due process
procedural rules, including whether the People may present
Procedurally, SB 577 would not go into effect until January 1, 2026, which would result in possible victims being provided with no notice that their
procedure by which a patient is notified and given the opportunity to object to the use or disclosure of information authorized for disclosure, and they place
procedures and attrition rates for two-year associate
procedures during a period of presumptive eligibility for a
procedures for procuring a written statement concerning the viator's state of mind and advising the viator regarding
procedures for the escheat of unclaimed personal property. Property
procedures. "For example, Stanley Williams was granted a
proceedings can be drawn out affairs
proceedings far beyond the scope intended by the Legislature
proceedings while maintaining the confidentiality of the grand jury's
proceedings would need to be held in the adult criminal court facility
proceedings. These inmates are usually not medication-compliant and as a
process and the inclusion of the stakeholder amendments in this measure
process by narrowing the reporting element to 'serious' cases of incompetence involving only patients. How is this good policy? For
process by which the California Department of Motor
process clause of the United States and California Constitutions are
process created the current seven-member board, reflects an
process created the current seven-member board, which reflects
process easier for those with language assistance needs--and will discourage additional counties from procuring DRE
process for licensing and approving foster parents and relative caregivers
process for local POUs and IDs to establish fair and reasonable pole
process for non-classroom based instruction apportionments
process for peace officers and firefighters during investigations, including that witness peace officers or firefighters cannot be denied
process for use of their funds. Furthermore, it may be appropriate to
process in a timely fashion
process in the case of traffic control devices, or are expressly
process is increasingly out of step with trends to increase access to
process may also shift the responsibility and incentive for making
process that determines the level of achievable cost-effective
process will "allow for greater market competition by allowing
process will be beneficial. The California Applicants' Attorneys
process will be discriminatorily used to refuse service to 'undesirable
process, that depends on other districts not seeking
process. A jurisdiction may have pending cases that demand forensic
process. Instead of having regional centers disburse individual budgets to
process. The Suggested Amendments, below, only
processed. The SEIU contended that the bill will only
processes of calculating the rate of coverage denials
processes payments for
processes. Furthermore, they
processing and collection errors. The California Taxpayers Association
processing systems are all examples of "administrative
processing, silicones, refrigerants, spot removers, drain
produce an evaluation report
produce personnel records of an employee, that includes sensitive
Producers Association, Chemical Industry
produces nearly 40 % of the greenhouse gas emissions in California
producing activities, technology projects, and maintenance of its IT
producing and certifying multiple hard copies. Thus, the council
Product Safety Commission. The opposition also feels this is
product that can otherwise be purchased by those over age 18
production is responsible for air, water and land pollution. Further, biomass plants are not required to go through a permit process at
productive. Districts should not have to annually affirm that they have
productivity and technology cannot be confined to the state of California, and in this way the California R&D tax credit subsidizes
products and services. Proponents
products appears to be well within the training and safe scope of practice for acupuncturists, I am
products are covered by the age restriction and which may not be. In
Products Association, Consumer Specialties
Products Company, Tenneco Packaging
products diverted from California land fills
products for legitimate, legal use in alleviating symptoms
products not sold by
products only make up one-third of total sales. The California Nevada
products place in the system by consumers who
products responsible for the environmental and public costs imposed by
products that not only harm the user, they are pharmacological assault weapons
products to meet the new standard. Plumbing contractors anticipate
products user forest restoration excise tax on
products when treating patients
products with CalWORKs funds, given that these items are not essential to
products, and general purpose degreasers, again, citing the significant health risks they pose and the availability of non-chlorinated alternatives. Technical amendment
products, citing the significant health risks they pose and the availability and suitability of non-chlorinated
products, regardless of whether they are participating in the Exchange
products. Additionally, Herbalife
products. Companies would be required to report adverse event
profession. It will help to differentiate California athletic training
Professional Beauty Federation of California writes that while they
professional boards including the California Board of Accountancy (CBA)
Professional Firefighters, AB 537 protects the rights of workers to
Professional Firefighters, AFSCME and CALPIRG, property taxes are the most important revenue stream for local governments and AB 920 will
