had three glasses of wine at an after-work reception and whose BAC is
hairstylists and nail/skin technicians through such percentage wages
Handgun Act. Existing law allows for the purchase of a semi-automatic
handgun in a dormitory on an urban campus
handgun that is not on the roster if the weapon was first modified to
handgun. In addition, AB 295 (Corbett), Statutes of 1999, the Gun Show
handguns do not indicate when a bullet is in the chamber
handguns have fallen off the roster, were manufactured and/or purchased
handle sensitive personnel information, access financial records and public funds, or enter ratepayers' property as part of their job duties
handlers are often forced to pay extra charges and security deposits, while
handling and storage precautions
happen. The sales data are maintained in a highly secure environment
happens due to dealers going out of business or dealer or DMV errors
harassment programs further training relative to abusive conduct
hard choices and turning to the CalWORKs program due to economic hardship, loss of a job or a home, can be overwhelmed by the rules and requirements
hard to imagine why CDAA would prefer a more costly, troubled, ineffective option should DJJ's explorations result in more effective
hardship on families who lack access to those resources
harm the employee
harm the public....California should not continue to turn a
harm to the public, and that OSHPD could complete these
harmful actually happens
harming an animal is a wobbler, punishable by up to one year in
has already been resolved in the civil setting, subjecting the licensee to a type of double jeopardy
has also caused payment delays to providers because health
has an Information and Assistance Unit located in 24 places throughout
has attempted, through recent amendments, to clarify the circumstances under which an ISP could be subject to a civil
has become an essential element of community college success and yet the level of commitment to providing this
has been adopted, the author has not accepted an amendment
has been confusion as to which section to follow. Peace officers often
has been first negotiated and agreed to between the plan and the risk-bearing organization. SB 2007 (Speier), held in Senate
has been met for the month in which services were rendered. (h) For purposes of this section "debt collector" includes any person
has been passed by the Legislature. After twice vetoing prior attempts
has been provided
has been provided to Committee
has been provided. The form and content of those receipts shall be
has been removed after amendments to the bill taken in the policy
has been satisfied by reasonable suspicion, a degree of suspicion less than probable cause. These cases include
has been successful and has led to significant
has changed
has confirmed the unofficial
has eroded the ability of the program to fulfill its
has even broader
has heard it all before." Inevitably, this attitude "trickles down" to the defenders, who see the futility in pursuing investigations, appointing
has helped millions of low-income Californians afford college. They note
has increased by about 45 percent since the 1993 reforms, and that other benefit increases also have resulted
has issued a check to an individual or other business, or a life
has literally spent hundreds of millions of dollars to buy short-term
has made it clear that the current administration of the Drinking Water
has no opposition
has no opposition. 3) All but two of the 117 claims are for stale-dated warrants (expired checks)
has no opposition. 3) All of the 155 claims are for stale-dated warrants
has no opposition. 3) Erroneous conviction claim - $162
has no opposition. 3) Erroneous Conviction Claims. a) Ronald Ross
has no opposition. 3) The largest claim - $162
has no opposition. All but two of the 117 claims are for stale-dated warrants (expired checks)
has no relation to affordable housing and places additional financial
has not been appointed within 90 days of a court session, as
has not been included in the budget and that the AAP has
has only worsened in recent years, putting a greater
has passed to evaluate the impact of the law
has proven itself to be operational and during a period where
has provided support letters on the bill from
has restricted the use of methylene chloride, perchloroethylene and trichloroethylene in degreasing and cold
has suggested an amendment requiring the concurrence of the sheriff
has taken an opposeposition. They
has uncovered few instances of registered offenders engaged in criminal conduct
hasn't... Data published by the Bureau reflects that for the four-year
hastily late in the session
HAVA provides two major sources of funding to states to
have a compliant human trafficking policy and awarding companies for
have a degree from an accredited school of social work
have a fiscal impact. AB 1801 is currently pending on the Senate Floor
have a negative economic impact on the community and more directly, on
have a right to uncensored information about the candidates
have access to record sealing in order to successfully reintegrate to
have adequate resources to perform their jobs and
have already been rising substantially. Additionally, one
have an adverse impact on workers and the communities they are sited in
have attempted to draft a definition that would be sufficiently
have become heavily dependent on contributions from charitable bingo. In
have been added to California's day care and school-entry statute for a
have been and continue to be a critical component in improving California's
have been battered by women
have been deceased for many years
have been ignorant of the law's application to their business
have been inconsistent with the commission's parameters and guidelines
have been received for AB 489 as proposed to be amended with RN
have been reported to Law Enforcement, a parent or guardian taking their
have been shown to improve the health and development
have been shown to lead to reduced length of stay in the ED and efficient utilization of inpatient psychiatric beds. According to Cal-ACEP
have but would be required to purchase at a cost of $29 ($14 for the birth certificate needed to then purchase the $15 drivers license or other identification) which could be deemed
have come under particular scrutiny for practices used to recruit
have concluded that such a threshold is likely unattainable
have demonstrated the broad public
have distinct problems re-entering society, and have difficulty achieving
have expressed concern with certain provisions of the bill
have given consent to having their blood or urine tested to determine
have greater climate benefits
have instituted the policy described above. UC also
have interest in working on process and definitions contained in SB
have large in-stadium crowds for their games
have little impact on drug supplies and that the bill's
have medical, mental health and substance abuse needs. Our member
have more confidence in convictions
have no California income tax return filing requirement and requiring
have not been to medical school, to independently diagnose and treat
have not detected dioxin in tampons at parts per trillion
have not met the guidelines
have nothing to fear. In fact, only drunk drivers need worry
have political implications
have probable cause
have proof that the specimens in the exhibitions died of natural causes and the exhibition does not constitute a threat to public health
have required ARB and the Energy Commission to take specified steps to
have seen dogs with various injuries suffer at the hands of untrained
have steadily been replaced or partially replaced with revenue restricted
have submitted an application in conjunction with a union
have taken these past several years. They
have the necessary authority to reach back and use the evidence they may
have the same due process rights as minors subject to
have the same waiver authority as school districts, in large part because
have their bases in hormonal or other physical problems, including malnutrition, and that tax dollars would be better
have these devices in place
have to adhere to a discount price requirement imposed by the state. Also, by extending the adoption cycle from six to
have to complete before the employee is eligible for permanent status
have to develop regulations to define "excessive
have to estimate the amount of property tax revenue lost by
have to issue the notice prior to the release of the state budget May
have urged consideration of the Kaiser CalPERS HMO product as a benchmark instead of the small- group product identified in the bill
have violated escheat law to escape paying interest on
have voiced their
have written in opposition
Havice). Neutral
having a labor representative on the Executive Committee as contemplated
having a lower declination rate." And Blue Cross writes
having continued meaningful conversations in attempting to
Having employee representatives at the table to help craft the peer
Having safe and stable housing
Having two sworn peace officers working together full-time will provide for some measure of enforcement, which, if publicized, will help deter illegal dumping by the many who currently
having voluntary relations or is being sexually abused
Having worked with the survey in these areas CalCIMA
hazardous foods because they can support the rapid growth of infectious and toxigenic microorganisms that cause "food
hazardous waste and construction debris are often left or drift onto private lands. In response
HCAI assumes this is a one-year activity and
HCAI estimates it will also require $1 million in FY 2024-25
HCD Development to make the fund more flexible
HCD has submitted a letter of opposition with
HCD is supportive of removing the sunset date on
HCD would be required to create an online form for LEAs to express interest and provide a public-facing resource hub
HCDs and the Association of Health Care Districts oppose
he has been in an accident. An alleged accident with a pedestrian that is
Heal the Bay is pleased to sponsor and offer its strong
Health Access California has a support if amended position, requesting that
Health Access seeks amendments to AB 8 to limit the share of cost that
health agencies charged with enforcing CURFFL, writes that
Health and dental plans and insurers, as well as business interests
health and environmental organizations. It appears that this opposition
Health and Safety and Workers' Compensation, paints an incomplete
health and substance abuse funds. Counties, in turn, would be required to contract with local programs that
health benefits exchange. By pre-enrolling incarcerated individuals, counties can get a jump on providing wrap-around services to the most
Health care benefits are not specifically listed but if they were part of the collective bargaining agreement they would be considered enforceable obligations
health care costs
health care increasingly unaffordable as costs rise over time. CBP also
health care information technology systems, and requests an
health care management. The requirement to include a voting member on
health care options, this comes at the price of increased
health care providers and health plans to require Medi-Cal to reimburse all requesting/treating providers
health care providers the criteria used to credential
health care services and medical assistance, to those
health care services that the state is required to recover under
health care to uninsured individuals and to demonstrate the potential for reductions in the cost of services provided
health care. CAHP
health clinics, as well as free-standing primary and specialty
health concern for consumers. These opponents
health coverage protects consumers and has returned millions in rebates
health coverage to their employees
Health Curriculum Framework already includes a topic of environmental health, intended to make students aware
health disability under its provisions
Health Environmental Coalition, Kirsch
health established by the Legislature, needlessly confuses the public, and potentially jeopardizes patient care. CMA
health facilities including the California
health insurance because of these costs. The Chamber of Commerce is concerned that this mandate and the possible
health insurance costs. Opponents
health insurance coverage. UC
health insurance prior to offering the insurance, because
Health insurance trade groups oppose some of these
health insurance. Business groups express opposition to this
Health insurers and business groups
Health insurers and labor groups also
Health insurers generally
health needs of the children that SHCs serve. They also indicate that
Health Net has expressed some preliminary concerns with
Health Net has leaned into opportunities
Health Net indicates that its call centers, which support
Health Net writes that current law allows plans and purchasers to negotiate the terms of their coverage, and to adjust the benefit maximums and out of pocket
Health Officers Association of California and supported by numerous health care providers
Health Officers Association of California has a
Health Organization, the National Association of School
health plan contracts or health insurance policies to conform to
health plan may stop using the plan's services. The health
health plan or medical group because the doctor has
health plan would be prohibited from contesting a claim after
health plan. Supporters say only accurate directories can avoid exposure
health plans (the Knox-Keene Act) but the provisions of this
Health plans and business groups
Health plans and employer groups
Health plans and health insurers opposed the prior version
Health plans and health insurers were
Health plans and insurers also
Health plans and insurers are
Health plans and insurers are opposed raise a number of concerns, including the following
Health plans and insurers oppose mandated
Health plans and insurers oppose provisions that require
health plans and insurers who
Health plans and insurers, as well as pharmacy benefit
health plans and PBMs
health plans and physician groups
Health plans and the California Medical
health plans and their members across the country. According
Health plans are opposed to disclosing the declination rate because it will allow "gaming" by consumers
Health Plans of California (LHPC), which focused on the carve-out of family planning services from Medi-Cal managed
Health plans seek to narrow the scope of the bill in several
health plans should not be discouraged from scrutinizing
health plans suggest policymakers should instead focus on controlling the underlying cost pressures of prescription drugs
health plans to publish, on each contract and related
health plans would have an "overpowering financial interest
Health plans, insurers and one employer coalition
Health plans, insurers and pharmacy benefit managers oppose
Health plans, medical groups and IPAs would be required to
health professionals, as specified. The current statutes only specify the inclusion of certain young people, "provided there are available persons
health service providers along with county human services and probation
Health Services Department Mental Health Division, Martinez California
health services statewide. The current balance for the Proposition 63 funds is over $710 million. To date, the revenue generated from this proposition has brought in almost
health services to those in need
health services would ensure that women in any reproductive health or
health systems have also failed to comprehensively
Health to ensure that California licensees were on staff at
health treatment and $55.2 million for substance abuse treatment
Health, Bureau of Environmental Health Management
health-care expenditures
health. The framework includes expectations for
health. Under the current certification process, the ARB works
healthcare districts will be impacted by these new requirements. While
healthcare system. UC
healthcare, especially for foster youth, who tend to have greater and more complex health care needs than other children, and account for a
healthy meals that
hear a diagnosis of breast cancer. Other supporters
heard in this committee on January 10, 1996 and which would
heard on 5/15/95. According to the authoros
heard regarding the pending release of these offenders and that local
hearing aid test
