of Palo Alto
of Palos Verdes Estates
of parks over the current seven year period." HCD would not be
of Part 3 of the Penal Code, has been granted clemency or a pardon
of paying people not to contact regulatory agencies is
of payment for care which is not medically necessary
of persons who are not gang members and that civil injunctions can lead
of Pesticides, Guayaki Sustainable Rainforest
of Physical Therapy currently available
of Placer County, Inc
of pocket expense is $62.70. The charity has received $100. At higher
of practice only for psychologists and psychiatrists, the two
of priority for the use of the MBC resources, and the five listed
of private piers. Moreover, these land owners claim it is unfair for SLC
of probation for persons convicted of animal cruelty. In some
of probation is that the person not drive a vehicle with any alcohol in
of programs they want to administer to most effectively meet
of prominent California businesses
of prostitution, and use of a minor to perform specified sex acts
of psychologists
of Public Health, Bureau of Environmental Health Management (Sponsors)
of public oversight, private sector initiatives, and the natural forces of marketplace competition. Proponents
of quality "is the politically most volatile and analytically the least valid use of the statistic. The medical loss ratio is a ratio
of quality and affordability, which is undermined by including
of Radiation Oncology
of Rancho Cordova
of Rancho Santa Margarita. The population of Coto de Caza was
of Realtors and Managers Association
of receipt of a Fidelity Corporation Certificate
of recording or obtaining certifies copies" and assessing them is, therefore, "not good public policy
of reducing offers from multiple insurers to
of regulatory oversight, and that physicians continually
of reimbursing the General Fund, overall net educational donations
of relieving traffic congestion and improving air quality
of retention. This may lead to increasingly varying
of retiring and leaving the students without their services, or forsaking retirement
of revenue that could be diverted. It also allows a local agency to
of risk factors and proper use of preexisting medical conditions
of Riverside County
of Riverside County, San Bernardino City Unified School District
of robbery as long as the property has some intrinsic value
of safety enhancements of the state's natural gas pipelines
of SB 1036 and the budget agreement reached between the Legislature and the Governor
of SB 112 due to the nature of the CHDP well-child
of SB 159, continues to meet to discuss and resolve issues regarding
of SB 92, the two bills appear to be dealing with
of schools and the remainder among the county, cities and special districts from which the funds were
of Science (BS) in nursing, (b) RN license, and (c) a school nurse
of security in students and parents by reassuring them that
of serious and violent sexual offenses
of service credit consistent with the minimum service credit
of services that can be delivered by CDC medical staff, reduce
of several hundred million dollars over the past several years. To
of sick animals will lead to meaningful reductions
of smart growth and improved access to public transit for their low
of Social Services may approve county demonstration
of special education programs
of State government agencies, while reducing the cost
of State, the association identifies several logistical and technical problems with using the AVVPAT for the one percent tally
of storage in operating the grid and the best role for utilities in this regard
of such a claim is based on the determination of a physician who
of such an audit
of such criteria is best left to the discretion of local school boards
of such products
of tax filers reporting an HSA contribution was $139,000. According to
of tax policy, they understand the argument in part, and would suggest
of Taxpayer Advocates, state current law provides a taxpayer is
of tens of millions of dollars -- with little chance of actual
of that product and the estimated length of time that the publisher intends
of the $60 million allocation to the non-operational
of the $8.9 billion in total state contracts to small businesses. Small
of the 10-year protective order to a sexual assault victim if the defendant is convicted and ensures that the victim can get a long-term
of the 1930's (3 letters)
of the 1997-1998 Legislative Session was
of the 2015-2016 legislative session
of the 2021-2022 Legislative Session
of the administration's efforts pursuant to the Executive Order and that
of the after-market for motor vehicle repair and maintenance
of the Antelope Valley Fairgrounds EE and PV Synergy Demonstration Project (Demonstration Project). PU Code 379.7 subsection (c) requires a "tariff
of the appropriateness for the individuals to be served
of the bill by about $2 million annually
of the bill that specifies that fully reserved claims should not be part
of the bill that was originally presented to this
of the bill, should be clarified. All goods are locally produced
of the bill, suggests two changes. First, it suggests that
of the bill. As discussed below, a number of amendments have
of the bill. Health Net
of the California Bankers Association. The parties have agreed to
of the cards will eventually be expanded to include all Bay Area transit
of the CDCR for contraband, as specified, which includes cell phones and related devices. SB 1066 recently passed Assembly Public Safety and will
of the claim serves as the basis for the provision of benefits. They
of the current general definition to other cases
of the DPH surcharge. It is unclear if the latest amendments from the author would satisfy these concerns
of the evidence that he did not commit the crimes with which he was charged
of the fairgrounds property results in an increase in value, the buyer
of the following: (1) A complete list of all of the products offered for sale by that publisher. (2) For each product listed pursuant to paragraph (I), the wholesale price
of the Fund, but unfortunately, SB 402 does not contain those solutions
of the high-speed rail system has been started or will be operational for
of the human body, including the likelihood of the occurrence
of the initiative and require a two-thirds vote of both houses of the Legislature
of the intent of the Safe Handgun act and put unsafe handguns in the hands of the general public
of the Medi-Cal program, resulting in an increase in physician
of the merits of all bills related to managed care until he
of the more remote WCAB local offices. They
of the mortgage contract in violation of the state and federal constitutions
of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People stated
of the opposition's concerns. Some of the groups were opposed to the expansion of NDs' prescribing abilities, which remains in the bill. They
of the patient-employer. Those employed in this noble endeavor, like
of the pilot is due to the Legislature one month before the pilot
of the police to obtain sensitive private records, including
of the pool. SEIU also suggests amendments to increase Medi-Cal
of the problem, which is allowing people with criminal records to
of the program. In addition, I approved an
of the program. This is especially true for applicants and recipients
of the property held, and will result in higher property taxes even when
of the proposal to honor Nisei Japanese American veterans on January 24, 2008
of the provision extending the expenditure deadline for administrative
of the religion of that church or denomination." With
of the Rotavirus vaccine. The committee issued a report on
of the school board that authorized the charter would reflect the interests of the school district's central governing board, not the community from which the charter school sprung
of the school's expenses were for students' books, instructional and office supplies, utilities, insurance, food, and transportation
of the state board to lower percentages as well as increase depending on
of the state Department of Health Services. This
of the State Legislature
of the state Office of Public School Construction and with local
of the state PT postponement program. The proposal would use the money
of the state. Staff suggests the current contract cost
of the surplus formula is consistent with similar laws in the states
of the UCLA Department of Ophthalmology and Director of the Jules Stein
of the United States
of the United States and California Restaurant Association
of the various participants in the program through a series of voluntary
of their educational goals. As an example, just a one or two percent
Of these 19 innocent men and women, 18 of them were sentenced to life behind the
of these are either workers or in a family headed by a
of these crimes are entitles to restitution and the perpetrators of high
of these diseases could have on our industry. For these
of these fines. The real impact of higher fines will be to
of these heinous crimes using California agencies in addition to Federal
of these organizations already fund similar programs
of these programs could be achieved through efforts
of these regulations across the state
of this analysis, the provision shifting the FGPF from
of this corps and/or decrease the percentage of full-time faculty in a
of this measure, especially as it relates to non-English speakers and others that may need help in understanding the contents of their
of this property such as open space. Opponents seek amendments
of this proposal and cites the parallels to federal law and the need to
of this state may bring a civil action to enforce this section. Prior to
of thousands of genetic conditions and diseases
of Trinity County "would likely prefer to err on the side of caution when
of UC's budget is now considerably greater than the state-funded portion, "it is not reasonable to assume that more than half the core operating
of universal service have been met and that eliminating these
of use, potential for fire, explosion, and reactivity, health
of violating statute is problematic. Specifically, they state: "The term
of vital division functions and
of wages on a payroll card by an employee would still be voluntary, AB 51
of weeks of benefits when treatment is disputed acts as a penalty on
of work was performed
of workers to be notified
of young African American men
of young children. There are many approaches to home
of |the City and County of Sacramento |National Lesbian and Gay Law
of-state destination and if the incentive were to expire, maritime fuel
off in the state's groundwater
off the books, which diminishes the tax revenue the state collects
off to a healthy start
offender and receive a life sentence for cockfighting - "an
Offender Parole Board required each year from four to
offender's participation in the program
offenders after serving only 10 years, a clear threat to public safety
offenders differ from adults. According to Commonweal, "Based on the available research, juvenile sex offenders are, in general, substantially
offenders differ from adults. Steinhart writes, "Based on the available
offenders have been sentenced to a period of custody time (often referred to as "straight time,") with no mandatory supervision to follow. Once
offenders involves increased exposure to nudity (primarily films), to
Offenders program, the Academic Volunteer and Mentor
offenders. The board is required assess current management practices for
offending parolees must be taken into account as well
offense a misdemeanor
offense in a forgery prosecution. These amendments were added
offense involved a minor ? Since the stated purpose of this
offense is a misdemeanor
offense. That means that sex offenders need jobs and housing in order to
offenses have a seven-year washout, as does Proposition 36, in
offenses to potential employers where the petitioner has proven their
offer bingo for charitable purposes. Countless community-based programs
offer for sale
offer health insurance plans. These businesses might opt for high
offer health insurance to their employees when the employer's
offer little clarity or
offering increased access to patients and savings to the state. As the state looks to manage the cost
offering the sale of new Western Digital External Hard-drives, pre-loaded
offerings for example, the state and students could benefit from a modest
offers each local agency the flexibility to adjust the purpose and amount
Office , the California Police Chiefs Association and Crime
office has been flooded with complaints that indicate the problems
office has received a number of complaints, raising concerns a growing
office is currently able to prepare titles and summaries without this
Office of Administrative Services anticipates additional workload to provide administrative
Office of the District Attorney of Alameda County, echoing arguments raised by the Consumer Federation of California and the California Low-Income Consumer Coalition
Office of the Sheriff in Los Angeles County writes
Office the authority to quickly respond to concerns about mismanagement
office, recent amendments have removed the opposition of the California Association of Sanitation Agencies. The League of California
officer legally purchases an assault weapon for law enforcement purposes
officer of the Board of Barbering and Cosmetology (BBC) to
officer or member of the public will be killed or seriously injured
officer that discipline would be imposed. The Supreme Court overturned an
officer, a group who as of now has no instruction on sealing
officer. By creating formal processes for witness officers, this measure
Officers Association (CCPOA), in the late 1990's the state agreed to
Officers Association, "CCPOA shares 's goal of helping to reduce inmate healthcare costs while not
officers be granted the authority that comes by being reclassified under
officers may not cooperate with federal officials to raid, arrest or
Officers Procedural Bill of Rights Act to nonsworn employees
officers to notify people of their right to vote. Consequently, former
officers, that county employees, including firefighters, already have
officers, when it is people working in hospitals and other health care
officers. CCPOA notes the program was funded by their members taking a
officers. This has created enhanced danger for probation officers every
offices of education already make them available upon
offices provide service are currently being turned
offices to assist in triple bottom-line investing
official and would make various other technical and conforming changes to the Integrated Waste Management Act
Officials (section 4): Secretary of State (section 4)
officials already inspect for pricing accuracy and receive
Officials was opposed to the substantially similar AB 1662 of 2007, citing concerns that use of the special runoff ballot could engender much
officials, and absent a compelling need to impose a statewide
Officials, and the Small School Districts Association, indicate that the 180-day break provision will have disruptive impacts on their members' operations
often discover they are already making investments
often means that primary care physicians rather than
often more appealing than tax deductions as the taxpayer may take the same credit regardless of income. This is particularly true among
often occur as part of hospital mergers and acquisitions
often refuse to investigate these clinics or make the necessary changes to security and operating procedure, despite some type of evidence. Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors, the sponsor, also
often result in development or infrastructure projects that are
Often their distressed family members come to see or
often transferring viable research discoveries to the marketplace that
Oftentimes, the consumer
oil industry who
old from a rural county to obtain a CCW permit and carry a loaded, hidden
older, the practical result of all this will be that prosecutors will
Olive Elementary School, Novato Unified School District, 2015-16 fourth grade class and teachers
omitted from the most recent set of amendments or to address
on a contract being awarded. The ITAA
on a fee-for-service basis and do not use capitation
on a guarantee issue basis. Blue Shield
on a project as a condition of receiving state funding
on a resident who made an inappropriate asset transfer under the DRA's new
on additional revenue plus 100% of all first-year penalties. The Supreme
on all members of the community. Lastly, the sponsor stated
on an opt-in basis. The Privacy Rights Clearinghouse states, "The evidence is clear that consumers feel that their personal
On any given day, neonics are found in the bodies of half the [United
