sexual exploitation. These illegitimate massage parlors cannot operate and cannot receive local police permits without false certifications and diplomas
sexual offense involving a person under 14 a misdemeanor. In the case of the Penn State scandal, it appears this type of situation could have been
sexual orientation with child molestation, sexual deviance and calls for
sexually anti-social behavior
sexually assaulted
Sexually violent predators are among the most dangerous offenders. AB
SF states
SFFJP references research showing "that setting child
SFUSD Board of Education unanimously passed a resolution
shall
shall be referred to the appropriate state professional licensing board solely for administrative sanctions
shall complete its investigation and notify the officer of its proposed
shall disclose to the purchaser consumer
shall establish or adopt a safe opioid prescribing policy
shall not be denied a license on the basis of any conviction, or on
shall not be denied a license on the basis that he or she has been
shall not deny a license on the basis of an arrest that resulted in a
shall own
shall post on the store shelf or its Internet Web site a description of its
shall prevent or unduly constrain the X
shall provide proof of the dismissal if it is not reflected on the report furnished by the Department of Justice. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this code, a board
shall require that the person listing the ticket own
shall state the compelling circumstances and the affirmative
share of gun violence over the years and the residents
share of the regional housing need. If the plan fails to meet
shares this concern, and predicts that several more
She writes the Committee
Shelter SB 982 (Solis) Against Violent Environments
shelters. Ask the ranchers why there are so many cattle dogs being
sheriff or police chief to contract with providers of emergency health
sheriff's deputies, probation officers, and parole agents? Why not the at-lest-equally important additional views of rank and file members from
sheriffs and probation officers should have a say in realignment
Sheriffs Association regarding potential cost pressure. The Association
Sheriffs of AB 2946 (Goldberg) Orange County, San Bernardino County, San Diego County, and Santa Barbara County
sheriffs will add an important perspective and raise vital operational
shift a considerable number of nonserious, nonviolent wards to county
Shift CalWORKs' rigid work-first focus only on adults to a "family assistance" model enabling counties to quickly offer
shift the cost of enforcement from those who violate the law to
shifted, flipped, swapped and reallocated property tax revenues for a
shifts the responsibility of controlling and reducing diesel
shoehorn a solution in search of a problem into an existing code section
shooter
shooter. Two documented gang members who brought weapons to the party
shooters. There was simply no evidence whatsoever that there was a third
shoplifting, handgun ammunition would have to be stored behind sales
short duration and for a very specific purpose for which the patient is aware. CMA also
shot handguns were purchased each year. However, beginning in 2010, the number of unsafe single shot handguns purchased skyrocketed. In year
should a juvenile be found incompetent. AB 2212, expired on the Senate
should act as an appellate tribunal overruling the decision of the judge
Should all five bills dealing with homeowners insurance, and that have come before this committee, be signed into
should also apply to businesses. They
should also provide assurance for robust mitigation of the growth inducing
should be a school-entry requirement. The PHO, after consulting with other
should be allocated to best provide school services. Of course, this statewide analysis is not sufficiently
should be amended to give fair consideration to the Altamont route. It
should be changed from, "assist the veteran in accessing those services" to
should be considered and accounted for as part of the annual budget process. For these reasons
should be considered that
should be encouraged, not criminalized
should be explicitly excluded from the definition of a main drain. The latest amendments from the author may adequately address their concerns
should be held strictly liable for damages should be left to the courts
should be interpreted for the purposes of anticipating UI benefits in the determination of food stamp eligibility. Ensuring that applicants have
should be left to physicians
should be left to the FDA to determine whether or not labeling should be
should be left with cities and counties who are best equipped to assess
should be linked more formally with ACIP guidelines by providing the State
should be phased in
should be placed on enhancing voluntary services, which have a long track
should broadened to include all industries. The California Nurses
Should classified employees be entitled to sign petitions for the establishment of a charter school
should comply
should encourage voluntary participation by employers to provide coverage
should establish a baseline for adequate benefit levels, so as to reduce
should expressly include all public sector employers and should be clarified to recognize that some employees have
should for example pass away, leaving a widow and children" and they were not named as original tenants on the lease
should have the right to decide if and how to use EIFD funding
should incur identical punishment and conditions of probation. Yet, AB 91
should instead be used to provide initial funding, and fines and penalties from pesticide drift incidents could be used to
should make medical decisions, not lawmakers. The California
should not be codified. Finally, UC indicates its medical
should not be compared to a simple first-time hip replacement that is
should not be entitled to compensation
should not be imposed on insurance contracts under a
should not be just what's good for management or what's good
should not be mandated
should not be the sole factor in determining whether or not to increase
should not claim otherwise." The Friends Committee further notes, "there
should not merely consider but should accord great weight to the reports of prison psychologists and other clinicians as well as
should pay $.09 per gallon total tax on the blended E-85
should pay the penalty, we
Should persons who have been convicted of certain violent, sex, or
should revert back to the Transportation Investment
Should students have the option to take a course in career technical
Should the bill be amended to ensure that a district employee
Should the bill be further amended to require the DOI
Should the Legislature amend the Charter Schools Act to do the following
Should the Legislature change various statutes governing the dismissal, layoff, and reemployment of certificated educators
Should the Legislature establish a cap on the number of charter schools
Should the Legislature establish deadlines for charter renewal petitions
Should the Legislature establish nepotism standards for charter schools
Should the Legislature modify the categorical flexibility granted for
Should the state authorize the Commission on Teacher Credentialing to
Should the State enhance academic and fiscal accountability standards for
Should the state require petitions for charter schools in which at least
Should this measure be approved by the Senate G.O
show laws, obtain at least $1 million of liability insurance, provide an
show that medical loss ratios are invalid proxies of health plan quality. Health Net quotes a paper by a
showing that the victim was a domestic violence victim whose charge
shown at racing venues throughout California. Allowing an
shows that only two guns were fired and no witness named three
shows that only two guns were fired and no witness named three different
shrinking budgets for the healthcare safety net and rising healthcare costs
sickest inmates. CDCR and our partners in law enforcement continue to
sidewalk repairs would result in significant financial losses and divert
Sierra Club and a number of other partners writing
Sierra Club California has expressed
sign vandalized or torn down. Because the campaign responsible for the production of the sign is entitled to up to $500 of the $1,000 in fine
signature or electronically that the employee has read, understood and acknowledges receipt of the policies. Some
SIGNATURES FROM INDIVIDUAL
signed by eliminating the requirement for a local governing
signed into law
significant additional resources to accommodate the increased workload associated with the group home
significant amounts at a time when they can least afford such costs. UC
significant and that these resources could be better spent elsewhere
significant concern relates to the discussion of the development of a tool
significant costs for training, developing policies, storing the drug, and general oversight of this requirement
significant costs to the Department of Child
significant expansion of the existing program, which
significant expense to accommodate these trials, or juvenile court
significant experience in performing this function, for which
significant investment portfolios
significant new impediments to utility action regarding tree removal, trimming, or brush removal, including requiring four months advance
significant number of hunters stop buying hunting licenses due to the ban
significant opportunity to reduce misuse and abuse
significant portion of the assessment, as the high-speed rail industry
significant portion of the assessment, as the high-speed rail industry is
significant problem - they have plenty of time in advance to find a
significant problem in California. They are used by inmates to cultivate
significant Proposition 98 General Fund costs. It is
significant resources to facilitate this self-policing
significant terms of the agreement, by extending this
significant underfunding of ongoing maintenance. Given these and other
significant unfunded workload for the Employment Development Department (EDD) that translates to expenditures well beyond the $500,000 currently
significantly better speech and language development. The Board
significantly delay the proposed quarterly reports, as disciplinary
significantly different
significantly expands current law by giving the CRB the right to oversee and govern any firm, partnership, sole proprietorship, or other business
significantly increase the costs of new RFID applications
significantly limits this flexibility
significantly overlapping functions... The party that
significantly reduce consumer protections against unfair
significantly reduce General Fund revenues available for K-14
significantly strengthen the integrity of the process
siloed' into the various aspects of high-speed rail development
similar adjustments in their ADA, is equitable
similar bill. In that veto message, I said I would be
SIMILAR CHARACTERISTICS Azusa
similar characteristics who do not receive services through the self
similar concerns
similar contractual relationships with clients, are currently regulated
Similar programs in other states have been very successful in
Similar protections exist in most other
similar reasons as expressed above
Similar to other organizations' arguments about impacts on their programs, the California Alliance of Caregivers
similar to SB 558
similar to the provisions in the current version of the bill. b) Allow some of the license deposit to be offset by reduced taxes on gaming revenues. AB 2863
similarly opposed
similarly write in their
Similarly, CLTA
Similarly, in addition to flagging potential movers and deceased voters, ERIC provides member
Similarly, Newport Healthcare, which administers 49 mental health treatment programs in California
Similarly, over 200
Similarly, the Coalition
comparison. Other opponents make similar arguments that the existing
comprise only 6.4% of the California population, they account
conclusive scientific evidence that needle exchange programs, as part of comprehensive HIV prevention strategies, are an
consideration of race necessarily makes it one of the plus or
considering' race, ethnicity, or national origin violates
construction of facilities
consumers must either find one of the few privacy-focused browsers or take extra steps to locate and download a browser plugin created by third-party developers that adds
contends this higher price will be passed on to employers in
contracts. The chamber is also concerned about retaliatory policies from
convenient and affordable hydrogen fueling
Cosponsors jointly write
cost-effectively cut emissions from a wide variety of mobile sources in our
costs associated with maintaining mobilehome park water systems are significantly higher than for apartment buildings, which is why WMA
costs the state. We need to give them the best opportunity to succeed
costs. They
could come within the statute, and be punished with a life sentence as if
county and private laboratory providers and Planned Parenthood Affiliates of California
county potentially develop different requirements
crime which dramatically increases punishment would deter or prevent the physical abuse of children in the future
CSSA must respectfully
CTA does not
Currently, 18
CWA D9 workers have witnessed their call centers -- those that
DBO denied the Escrow Institute of California's 2017 petition to exclude leases from current liabilities in the Escrow Law regulations because the Department
death rate from this type of cancer in 2020 in the United
decide whether prequalification is necessary and within their best
declaring a state of emergency every two to three weeks
defenders and judges. California cannot afford that alternative at a
Department of Finance writes that it
Department of Labor itself found that the PUA program was particularly susceptible to fraud, as it did not require income or employment verification upfront and allowed claimants to backdate their
depending upon the design of an enrollee's plan
designed to aid workers in gaining new skills or upgrade existing skills
Despite
Despite Grubhub's
Despite student parents' advocates continually requesting institutions to track this data in order to have better information for designing and providing
develop and
different e-mail addresses for different purposes, all of the e-mail
diminishment of judicial discretion
Director (AD) of the Division of Workers' Compensation declined to adopt
district began its own promise program in 2017 with funding
districts to impose an additional $2 of the $4 surcharge on motor vehicle
districts, until January 1, 2015, to use motor vehicle registration fee
done to reduce that risk
during the last three years. Finally, in implementing its Armed and Prohibited Persons System Program, DOJ is finding that 54% of illegal
each workforce area. According to SOR's report, more than 200 centers
economic and demographic factors. California and its 49 Local LWIA
Education Code Section 44270 needs to be modified to increase professional equity for OTs and PTs and ultimately
Education Insights Center Policy Brief, "California's Maze of Student Information: Education Data Systems Leave Critical Questions Unanswered," August
effective public health intervention that reduces transmission
effectively conduct utilization review, by causing delays and increasing
effectiveness of GVROs and similar protective orders in other
eighteen without shelter. The bill will treat the THP-Plus Foster Care
eligible training programs. Likewise, WIA funds used for training can
eliminates a crime or infraction
eliminating the optional portions of estate recovery. WCLP
employees may not want or use the benefit. The association
employment action the employer takes against an employee could be
END -- [1] "Non-Exemptible Crimes. Revised 4/10
END -- [1] https://www.apa.org/pi/families/poverty.aspx?item=6
END -- [1] Robert Wassmer and Ronald Fisher "Debt Burdens of California State and Local Governments: Past, Present and Future." As requested and supported by
END -- [pic
END -- [pic][pic
enhancement, thus punishing a person twice for the same conduct
environmental and human rights concerns. There is no registered
estate recovery, they are fearful that if they enroll in Medi-Cal, they
estimate and on the final invoice. The California Motor Car Dealers
Every year, nearly 30 teens under 18 die from work injuries in the United
evidence to suggest the capital punishment system has
executions in California while the Commission on the Fair
existing funding mechanism
Expanding the use of moneys in the Abortion Practical
expansion population, estate recovery effectively makes the state a
explain their
explains its
failed in California or that the California system of post-conviction review is in any way inadequate. All death
family members and
favors the inclusion of tobacco use as a rating factor in setting premiums
