different shooters. There was simply no evidence whatsoever that
different standard from restaurants and grocery stores
different subject within HFP program
different topic while on this committee's Suspense File
different types of health insurance. Opponents state
differentials to a select group of women workers. Women of color, who are
differently from other California appellations. Opponents
differently than other California appellations. Opponents
difficult for the CDE to administer and for school
difficult in the manner of ACA 10
difficult to enforce unless established in statute or regulation. CAEHA
difficult to prove their innocence and to get their names removed from
difficult, and could introduce legal disputes into the process
difficult. Additionally, some smaller units and chartered
difficulty and cost of providing information in the required format
difficulty meeting the existing 3% "participation goal" for
digital storage devices filled with unauthorized sound recordings, may
diligence in attempting to hire qualified state-employed clinicians. We
diligently working with various constituencies to
dilute the effect and intent of the PFA
dilute the funding spent on classroom instruction, thereby providing a
diminishes the value of a deceased celebrity will have a
diminution of individual privacy rights under California law while the state or state-designated entities are accessing federal stimulus funds
DIR, no later than January 1, 2014, to adopt regulations governing the working conditions of domestic work employees, as defined. The regulations were required to provide for all of the following: (a)
direct BPH operations legislatively by expressing a bias toward evidence
direct employees and
direct investment in R&D activities can stimulate a greater amount of activity, and can help create equally high, if not higher, numbers of R&D
Direct response insurance is sold through advertisements
direct the FAIR Plan incentive to new business, rather than
directed to annually adopt a statement of investment policy and to
directed to look at one specific statute: Insurance Code Section
directed to provide the Governor with a plan for integrating and incorporating homelessness prevention by July 1, 2002. In
direction from the Supreme Court since my earlier veto has been clear
directly associated with the cost to issue the permit
directly or indirectly
directly related to compensating victims, which is the purpose of the fund. This would also result in decreased
directly to the victims of an infraction. Victims are currently eligible
Director of Hospitality and Lodging, Restaurants Central/Cannery
Director" issue
director, is responsible for developing and sharing information
directories, which are a crucial tool for consumers choosing and using a
directors for both public and private
directors for both public and private schools
directs funding from criminal fines to be allocated between state and local crime labs
directs the DOJ to release, upon the request of a background
dis-enrolled for untimely payment
disabilities in leading more independent and productive lives
disabilities who meet specified criteria from the California High School Exit Examination (CAHSEE)
disabilities, and no effective visual treatment
disabilities, which may predispose to aggressive or violent behaviors
disabilities," the analysis required for the housing element
disability access requirements, believing it could lead to further single
disability benefits were intended
Disability discrimination and accommodation protections have covered employers with 5 or more employees since the FEHA was first enacted and there has never been a requirement to mediate those
disability or functional limitation
Disability Rights are opposed to the bill. Opponents cite the high costs of deploying AVVPAT technology, though, as
Disabled American Veterans to provide an allocation from this state to the American Battle Monuments Commission for construction of the American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial in Washington D
disadvantage to self-funded employer plans exempt from such
disadvantaged communities in unincorporated areas are facing
disadvantaged in court and consumes significant court resources
disadvantaging organizations that are working
disagreed with this interpretation of law. The State
disasters and only to official firefighters and peace officers
disbursement, and that ban on point-of-sale fees is not enforceable
discernable affect on the amount of violent crime in the state
disciplinary action for lawfully prescribing or
disciplinary action within that year, except in specified circumstances
disciplinary action. EMSAAC additionally
disciplinary probation during this same four-year period
disciplining employees
disclose any information or documentation regarding the
disclose individual profiles upon a provider's request
disclose to the purchaser consumer
disclosed. The author may wish to provide clarifying amendments
disclosed. The carriers also
disclosure of their alumni information should only take place
disclosures that may be necessary to place on the product
disclosures would consume over 20 seconds in a 30 second spot, even
discontinued in 1999 because of the previous mentioned
discourage employers from even contemplating the use of this method of payment, thereby denying employees a beneficial and useful method upon
discourage, if not prohibit, infill development
discovered thus far. In fact, California is already
discoveries do not follow a set timeline. Because SB 259 fails to
discredited by the medical community as lacking any evidence
discretion over the decision will likely result in the two-physician cap
discretion to appoint the appropriate individuals to
discretion to dismiss a conviction 'in the interests of justice.' Penal
discriminate based on sexual orientation, it would have no effect on
discriminated against because of their bona fide religious convictions
discriminated against in hotels, lodging establishments, eating
discriminated against LGBT youths, and could put practitioners at risk of professional and legal discipline for not reporting what they did not
discriminates against certain apartment owners in
discrimination where individuals and businesses are
discrimination, harassment and/or violence in the public school setting
discrimination. CDE
discrimination." They go on to state
discriminatory, and thus indicative of a problem
discuss sensitive topics such as child sexual abuse. Other more remote
Discussing the impact of Regulation CF and the justification for additional state legislation, Small Business California
discussion on areas of potential conflicts of interest
discussions are ongoing relative to latest amendments.)
discussions based on evidence, not speculation
discussions relating to implementation of the Act, including whether or not a driving only certificate is
disease management organizations' and their employees
disenfranchised by having to produce a document they may not
disenfranchising students who do not have the means to access these high
disincentive for dealerships to continue in this business and make it
disincentive for employees to return to work by creating the opportunity
disinfectants and sanitizers are harmless, and the US EPA has
disks that they
dismiss or suspend] between May 15 and September 15 is to ensure a
dismissal hearing in a small district could result in severe
dismissal or expungement. (2) Denial of a license includes denial of an unrestricted license
dismissal statutes . . . . Penal Code section 1203.4, which applies to
dismissed pursuant to Section 1203.4, 1203.4a, or 1203.41 of the Penal Code, or a comparable dismissal or expungement. An
disorder as a result of military service. Unemployment rates for veterans
Disorder at UCLA School of Medicine
disorder that makes it likely that he or she will engage in acts of sexual violence without appropriate treatment and custody
disorder, serious brain injuries, substance abuse, and learning
disorders are at risk for injuring themselves or others, the diagnosis and treatment of these individuals requires a
disorders more often seen by county mental health
Disorders of the University of the Pacific
disorders. They also indicate that a large number of firms and workers in
dispensaries are dangerous in any way, that access to medical marijuana
dispensaries increase crime in related locations. According to the CA
dispense to patients based on proprietary price lists managed by health
dispenser assist in choosing the circuitry for a hearing aid, but do not include testing or evaluating amplification results
dispensers from performing diagnostic tests when conducting
dispensing errors, that were mandated effective 2002, should
displacement of free workers. Several union representatives, however, have indicated they have no problem with the current
display on a per-school basis the 1999-2000 public school
disposition information to entities authorized to conduct criminal
disposition other than a conviction, including an arrest that resulted
dispositional alternative for juvenile offenders
dispositional hearing
disproportionate (particularly so given recent scientific research), racially discriminatory, and a violation of international law
disproportionate impact on small-group premiums because small group plans
disproportionate share of public health spending
disproportionate share of special needs children. They
disproportionate share of the state's uninsured patients, and that subjecting UC academic medical centers to additional
disproportionately affect local governments
disproportionately diverted into juvenile correctional facilities and waited to the adult criminal court system
disproportionately impacted by the employer mandate if their employees are
disproportionately on undocumented immigrants
dispute resolution system but
dispute the assessments was repealed, that it was the intent of the legislature to remove the right to remove the right to commence such an
disputes are brought to the legal system for
disputes concerning the denial of care
disputes would rest with the same agency - the BOE
disputing the presumption is almost impossible, therefore the mere filing
disqualify if it is more than five years old
disregard parole conditions (short of a new crime) without the risk of reconfinement. Maxing out effectively removes the incentive for the ward
disruption and restores the property to its original state once the project
dissertation research could be in direct conflict with the workload
dissuade districts from using the construction management approach
distances between hospital or trauma facilities and the range of geographic barriers for land-based transportation, access to air
distinction, and specifically requires that information regarding
distraction to drivers and because the bill does not address
distress. The Controller
distribution to school districts and county offices of education
District (as proposed to be amended)
District (EBMUD) and the Association of California Water Agencies (ACWA)
District 04/26/95
District 1 John McPartland
District 1 Robert M. Weygandt
District 2 Phil Serna
District 5 League of California Cities Tom Blalock
District and a long list of public health and conservation groups, who
District and others have successfully enacted such provisions as
District Association, raise concerns with the provisions of the bill that
district continues that it "must
District has taken numerous steps to improve its
District IX - California (ACOG) writes that all other research subjects are compensated for their time
district operated an average of nine schools
District PTAs and parents
District to receive two consecutive years of class
District's request for deferral of its lease payments
District, "poor children will lose under this measure. Most
District, California Association of Sanitation
District, California League of Conservation
District, Central Basin Municipal Water
District, Fresno Westside Mosquito Abatement
District, Kern Mosquito and Vector Control
District, Member, OUSD Task Force for the Education of African-American
District, Northwest Coalition for Alternatives
District, Orange County Sanitation District
District, sponsors
District, Upper San Gabriel Valley Municipal
District, Valley Center Municipal Water
District, West Basin Municipal Water District
district. This is because unless a counselor or librarian is teaching a
District/County Costs totaled $261,000 (5.8 percent) per
districts administer the High Risk Youth/First Time
districts already have fully credentialed teachers
districts and redevelopment agencies, and allow the Controller to
districts can propose a parcel tax to their community, they are
districts do not have firm financial information to use for their layoff
districts from providing the A-G curriculum
districts have an obligation to provide insulin administration and related services to eligible students who need the assistance, including
Districts have increasingly turned to parcel taxes in recent years as a
districts hiring relatives of board members, superintendents or
districts more accountable for student outcomes
districts that agree to hire fully credentialed
districts that provide electricity. Opponents have no issue
districts to implement than the current law
districts to litigate in order to dismiss a teacher that is
districts were rewarded for what they were already doing
districts' actual costs, I
districts, thus the League
disturbed foster children be incorporated as non-profit corporations
disturbing precedent as it would interfere and essentially control
diverse organizations that include housing advocates
diversion. Additionally, supporters
diversions of water but to technical reporting errors, too
divert additional funds away from patient care and encourage
divert additional platelet products to more than make up any
diverted from their core . . . functions . . . to do
diverted to inappropriate use
diverting vital resources away from efforts
divided into stages, in such a way that by separately considering each
Division I of the California Psychological Association
Division receives a continuing contract appropriation of $5 million each year (General Fund)
Division, Public: Health Nursing Program
Division. Opponents also
divulge specific enrollment data by various cost-sharing
DJI, a leading manufacturer of unmanned aircraft systems (UAS)
DMH for SVP evaluation. Of this number: 1,820 met the clinical evaluation
DMH's Sex Offender Commitment Program (SOCP). But DMH continues in its
DMH, both of whom must concur that the person has a diagnosed mental
DMHC also anticipates costs for platform and software licensing
DMHC anticipates additional workload
DMHC-regulated plans
DNA profiles, search for matches, link cold cases, prosecute offenders, and bring resolution to rape victims and prevent sexual assault crimes by
do business, unless they contract with an unlicensed
Do current regulations violate California statute? Because the California
do not carry any significant risk, and that the studies that
do not have SBE status
do not reliably indicate inappropriate prescribing
do. The bill is overly harsh on employers, and will damage
DOC consumer protection unit into a Patient Advocate
DOC's authority over HMOs. While opponents agree that
doctor's appointment on a quarterly basis. Moreover, 'supervisory' care
doctor's groups for administration. Insurers that pay
doctoral level mental health providers. The Association
doctoral programs, and how the new programs would differ from the Masters
doctors and deals
document fee will add to the already substantial cost of recording. In
documentation verifying payment from plans to hospitals
documents be made available to those employees upon
documents in perpetuity. Opponents also
