measure subject to the process outlined in the background
measure the cost-effectiveness of each energy efficiency
measure to provide continuity of coverage to a previously
measure to remove cost barriers that prevent greater participation in
measure undermines the structure of redevelopment reforms contained in
measure was opposed by the following
measure was supported by the following
measure." It provides the following examples
mechanism for that fee to be waived in cases where financial need exists
mechanisms or the courts, if necessary
Medi-Cal and Healthy Families and then potentially expose
Medi-Cal currently provides coverage for diabetes screening as recommended by the United
Medi-Cal if they are aged 55 or older. CANHR
Medi-Cal losses without any additional cost to the state
Medi-Cal providers could submit treatment
Medi-Cal reimbursable services to persons presenting themselves as Medi-Cal
Medi-Cal reimbursement rates. CAA
Medi-Cal services, payment for those services may later be disallowed
mediation and impasse offer sufficient statutory, regulatory and legal
mediation process. If the dispute was not submitted to mediation, an
Medicaid program in the nation. The CMA
medical analysis that is fundamental to medical diagnosis
medical and scientific evidence
medical and scientific evidence and is determined medically necessary
medical bankruptcy. HAC
Medical Board authority and priorities: According to the Medical Board (Board), a decision to delay, modify or deny a medical treatment
Medical Board from
Medical Board of California to make numerous substantive changes in the enforcement provisions of the MPA
Medical Board of California to strengthen the enforcement provisions of the Medical Practices Act
Medical Board will provide appropriate oversight and quality control that
medical care of an individual in the community may be more expensive than
medical care. The opposition
medical criteria and the interests of the patient. The risk
Medical Director, Director of the Department of Pathology and Laboratory
medical directors make coverage decisions, not medical
medical experts, would make his or her decision based on medical science, public health, and access
medical findings, as required by the reforms, should have their benefits
medical inflation and consumers' resulting price sensitivity
medical information and records are directly related
medical information for purposes directly related to the provision of health care services. The association
medical loss ratio is a poor barometer of health plan
medical marijuana and patients' rights to access it in an open, safe, and legal environment. This legislation usurps the authority of local
medical parole
medical review. SB 59 (Perata) signed into law last year
medical services and programs that can be provided only in a
medical staff at
medical staff competency upon a hospital governing body
medical staff to evaluate quality of treatment rendered on its
medical surveys within the five-year cycle required by law, DOC surveys were not comprehensive and failed to indicate
medical, even life threatening consequences. As an example, ACOG
medically approved protocols. This will enhance access to treatment for
medically incapacitated . The author may wish to consider
Medicare and Medicaid Services by July 2006 for a
Medicare beneficiaries. The 115% of Medicare required in this
medicare schedule (which is the basis for California workers' compensation reimbursements) already takes this into account
medication once a day or even driving a listed family member to a
medication that should only be administered by an appropriately licensed
medications are taxed at the point of sale while prescription medications
medicine (including graduates of American schools)
Medicine state they
medium and large businesses
meet minimum emission standards to protect air quality and public
meet the needs of LTC residents
meet to obtain this information. Magistrates and judges are
Meeting and go neutral, as recommended by the Board's
meeting the 7.5 percent threshold for health expenditures, but may not
meetings of the whole committee or board
meetings to be posted online
meets the definition of a sexually oriented business, such as a club
member of the Blue Ribbon Panel and as Chairman of the City Council's
member on the BOG would be inappropriate
member or a known friend of the family. Kidnapping or sexual abuse of a
Member organizations of the "Coalition to Support SB 1590" (including some 40 businesses, trade associations and local government entities from across the state)
member satisfaction. Finally, BCC
member shall remain liable for the payment of any
member, but rather 'supervising' the care the family member receives
members and those who have left the gang life behind - to petition for
members at less cost to those PMSA members. The fact is that PMSA's gross
members in California
members include County of Alameda
Members may wish to discuss the effect of Farrell on the use of solitary
Members of CDSA have served many former residents of developmental centers, and they have cast off the behaviors of anger and frustration, expanded
Members of the Assembly Environmental Safety and Toxic Materials
members of the industry
Members of the LGBTQ or disabled community paid less than their cis
members of the target population who have the same conditions
members to serve until their successors are appointed and qualified, as the current law allows. Because
members to the California Integrated Waste Management
members who have handled DUI offenses have rarely, if ever, witnessed a
members who have the best opportunity to assist the school to assist
members, engaging them in activities like camping, archery and fishing. The BSA also has a long and well-documented history of discriminating against individuals based on their sexual orientation
members, other relatives, domestic partners, and personal
members, who serve on the board by virtue of their offices
memorandum of understanding with the U.S. Department of Homeland
men who fit into these extended categories. National studies show many
men, should be able to make a claim under California's Equal Pay Act
Mental health among frontline workers is just
mental health outpatient treatment to criteria that result in a 10-year
mental health program. According to the opposition, this is the wrong
Mental health prohibitions result when a person communicates to his or
mental health provider on the same day. The rule against reimbursing for
mental health providers and children's groups
mental health records can be used
mental health services and social services programs to ensure better public safety outcomes. Counties are seeking the tools and local flexibility that we need to combat recidivism
mental health services do not include the direct treatment of domestic violence in their practices, but would be subject to
mental health stakeholders, such as the California Association
mentally ill inmates and reduce the time necessary to reach their
mentally ill patients and a result in an increase in continuity
Mentoring Program for At-Risk Youth. This task force
mere state statute can trump a federal constitutional right. A
merely because those documents contain information related to an agency's business
merely shares the responsibility for damages after the fact
merely to directing the departments to interpret what is
mergers, buy-outs, and consolidations, particularly
message, Governor Davis objected to the (a) elimination of the requirement for a one-for-one exchange of syringes, which may
message, the governor stated that funding for the proposed
met DMH review criteria, 649 met the clinical evaluation
met would likely attract opposition from those who fear
met: (A) The applicant has been convicted of a crime for which the applicant is presently incarcerated or for which the conviction
methodology has not yet been developed by DHCS or approved by the Centers
methodology, but the process has taken a long time and the new rate
methodology. SEIU
methods do include opioids
methods for evaluating a particular company's financial health. In fact, last session the Legislature repealed an outdated rigid rule applicable
methods including the valuation method, and requires a city or county to
methods of operation, and their illegal products
methylene chloride, perchloroethylene, trichloroethylene, or
MHA of California concludes that while we
micromanaging the prescription refill process. Blue Shield of California (BSC)
middle income employers to hire domestic work employees "off the books
might be inappropriate to sidestep DWR's standard process for allocating
might discover a fellow tenant is on the Megan's Law database and approach property managers to request or demand some action. Also, a
militarily march into our office & disrupt our work
Military Department intending to update the applicable code sections relating to the California Cadet Corps
military groups and health care providers
military veterans. Recently, Attorney General Kamala Harris filed
million (2004), $879 million (2005) and $1.073 million (2006)
million (General Fund or Water Rights Fund) for contracts
million (General Fund) to operate a new residential training center that
million allocation lifetime limit for distributions from ERAF although it
million annually
million annually (Structural Pest Control Fund)
million annually and one-time facility costs ranging from $91 million to $208 million
million annually in consulting services to provide expert
million annually to implement the SAFER program within the boundaries of the WRD and
million annually to the California Health and Human Services Agency
million annually to the Department of Parks and Recreation
million augmentation for instructional materials, which leaves
million beginning in 2014, rising to $3.6 million in 2042. The net
million Californians served by Denti-Cal. CDA notes the comments of the Legislative Analyst's Office (LAO) that DHS has
million dollars ($50,000,000), whichever comes first. The Educational
million for 10 additional staff
million for the CEC for the technical
million for transgender health and
million from the General Fund for priority levee repairs
million from the Local Housing Trust Fund Matching Program which allowed
million General Fund over four years
million GF) in child
million in bond funds for CSR facilities. Finally, I
million in fiscal year 1998-99. For FY 1999-00, the program has the same projected budget appropriation of $21 million, with $6 million specifically earmarked for
million in grant funding
million in ongoing funding (Air Pollution Control Account) for 10 permanent positions
million in ongoing funding for DFW
million in ongoing funding for the Office to hire eight regional network leads and eight producer engagement specialists to further
million in outstanding PT Postponement loans. These liens would be
million on $16 million of tax credits
million ongoing to provide administrative
million people, this hardly seems like numbers to justify
million per year and includes funding for approximately nine staff positions that
million per year for five people after year three
million to be used for administrative expenses and the remaining $4 million for a portion of the environmental
million to CDI
million to counties for a rental housing subsidy
million to cover the first-year costs to the PERB of resolving
million to develop the infrastructure
million to fund 33 projects and
million to provide the appropriate level of technical
million within GovOps' budget
million)
million, which is to be used specifically for outreach efforts
million. It is suspended during 2002-03. Absent
million. The resulting funds will be used to provide mental
millions of dollars annually
millions of dollars being
millions of dollars from the illegal sale of controlled substances such
millions of patients with mild asthma, that ephedra products
mills," out-of-state or country breeders, and underground breeding
minder of the type in use 20 or more years ago
mingling campaign funds with other funds opens the door for misuse, and, while AB 65 requires that the contributions be reported to the Chief
minimizing the suspect's culpability
minimizing the suspect′s culpability
minimum allocations to school districts and community
minimum allocations, be reallocated for special
minimum information about how the tax increment funds will be used, and for how long, and that any changes to this information should also
minimum level for health care expenditures, and therefore would not directly affect how much a health
minimum qualifications for facilities, equipment, and staff. As
minimum value requirements. Opponents
minimums were, and are, well-known to school districts
mining and transport of construction aggregate
Ministry, Bay Area Air Quality Management
Ministry, Grayson Neighborhood Council, Kirsch
Minor and absorbable costs to Caltrans to prioritize
minor and absorbable General Fund costs to the California Department of Education (CDE) to provide staff
Minor costs to DPH to provide hospitals information about resources
minor error in the name, part of the name or title
minor first-time misdemeanor offense.... Bringing this model to California
minority firms from being able to participate in bidding these projects
minority status to homosexuals in the area of education and promote acceptance of homosexuality among students. The Traditional Values Coalition
Minors admitted to locked community care facilities
Miramonte Elementary School and as such, there is not a reason to erode
mirrors those provisions to have CalEMA certify the human trafficking training
miscarriage management
misconduct and how police agencies deal with it so that it is reassured
misconduct unless the public agency investigating the allegations
misconduct. The Proposition 103 Enforcement Project also
misconstrued by a regulation
Misdemeanor diversion is a good idea that should be applied with
misdemeanors are treated for purposes of California expungement remedies
misdemeanors in adult court, are filed as felonies in juvenile court
misdemeanors will result in a 10-year prohibition. A person may be
misinterpreted and misused, leading to sizeable cost increases
misleading responses on their application in the hopes of being selected for coverage
misleading. CHW
misleading. Pfizer
mismanagement or violations of state law affecting local, state and federal funding
mission and management
missions in 28 cities)
mistaken for criminals. They are arrested for and often convicted of crimes, when in fact it is they who are the victims
mistakenly characterized as "loitering for the purpose of prostitution?" The ACLU states: "Loitering laws raise serious
mistakes if we choose to impose the ultimate sentence. This
Mitch Karlan, M.D., and President of MBC, states, "Gag clauses
mitigate this problem, and providing access to the criteria
Mitigation Fee Act prohibits a local government from imposing a fee that
mitigation measures within the scope of CEQA that ensure the I-710
MJFF further
MLKCH to add outpatient services to the existing supplemental payment program
Mobile Climate Change Education Center can provide significant
Mobilehome Owners League, and author have responded that
model act
Model Hospital Policy Recommendations" developed by the Inland
model known as Maximum Allowable Cost (MAC). Under MAC-based
model would shift costs to small ratepayers, would be
model would shift costs to small ratepayers, would be unworkable
modernization of infrastructure is required and expected
modernization projects in the overall mix of priorities. I support that effort
modernized two years ago through SB 364 (Steinberg), Chapter 567, Statues
modest approach towards reducing the killing of dogs and cats
modest bill that allows for more transparency by providing early notice
modest step toward providing Californians an alternative to
modifications allowed under SB 1309 have been assessed and that the bill
