2007 version) Orange County Local Agency Formation Commission (February 22
2007: American Cancer Society
2007: American Federation of State
2007: Diageo
2008, the US Governmental Accountability Office found the median income
2009 version) California Credit Union League (April 2
2009 version) California New Car Dealers Association (CNCDA) (April 2
2009 version) Civil Justice Association of California (CJAC) (April 2
2009: California State Firefighters' Association
2009: Center for Public Interest Law
2009: Daly City
2012: International Organization of Masters
2012: Wine and Spirits Wholesalers
2013: American Federation of State
2013: California Thoroughbred Breeders Association
2014 the Los Angeles District Attorney's Office conceded the merits of the petition and on November 21
2014: Advanced Industrial Services
2014: American Federation of State
2015, generating approximately $8 million dollars for the local economy
2016. "...The purpose of the registry is to ensure that individuals who provide home care services have satisfied a background ground check
2017) which is based on the EPA action level of 15 parts per billion. "Lead free" is defined in the drinking water law at Health and Safety Code Section 116875(e)
2017. This plan also involves a monitoring and compliance program to ensure contractors are complying with UC policies and all federal
2021 Budget Act provides $10 million on a one-time basis for the Chancellor's Office to allocate to a community college district to establish a workgroup that
2021. This does not preclude the applicants from starting the process of applying prior to this date. Alternatively
2022 Budget Act includes $150 million in one-time Proposition 98 General Fund
2022 Budget Act includes ongoing resources for CalREDIE and CCRS
2022) establishes a gap coverage and uncompensated care program to provide for those Californians lacking coverage for abortion and abortion-related care
2022) establishes a reproductive health pilot project in Los Angeles County to support innovative approaches and patient centered collaborations to safeguard patient access to abortions
2022) establishes a web page for centralized information on services and support for those seeking abortion care
2022) establishes a working group with specified membership to examine the root causes of the reproductive health & sexual health inequities in California
2023 Budget authorizes the DOF to augment the Department of Health Care Service's OSF appropriation
2023 Budget includes $30 million OSF for the CalRx Naloxone Access Initiative
2024. Also creates the California Reproductive Justice & Freedom Fund to support community-based organizations to provide medically accurate
2028. The coalition writes the bill risks losing at least $150 million per year for childcare
2031 would insure that the affected boards have appropriate input from
2034 will encourage development of solar renewable energy projects in California. The sponsor
209 should be interpreted to allow UC and CSU to consider race and other
2126, arguing it runs contrary to the central premise of the MMBA - that
2140. The Council acknowledges problems with the current
227, the state's point of entry program, and the federal
282 have a trial pending, and 591 have been committed to
3 million General Fund in the budget year by allowing the number of awards to be reduced from the 3,000 currently
3) CAMTC is a non-profit organization established by statute in 2009 that
3) CDFA Concerns. CDFA
3) Concerns. In their joint supportletter, the California
3) Concerns. The Assembly Public Safety Committee analysis raises a series
3) Concerns. The California State Association of Counties, the Urban
3) CSU expresses concerns similar to UC, and also
3) In response, the Assembly Judiciary Committee's analysis
3) Is This A Significant Problem? In June of 2010, the Los Angeles Times
3) Opponents, including the Outdoor Sportsmen's Coalition of California (OSCC) and Safari Club International (SCI)
3) The California Tax Service Center (CTSC) Website. A few years later, a
3)Concerns . According to the California Hospital Association, "Medicare rates are inadequate even for Medicare
3)Concerns . The San Francisco City Attorney raised concerns
3)Concerns . The San Francisco City Attorney's Office has raised
3)Existing Policy on Reorganization . Current LACCD policies
3)Review Recommended . The Office of Ratepayer Advocates (ORA), within the PUC, recently released a report critical of the CHCF-B, noting that the program has not been reviewed PUC
3)Suggested amendment . CACJ also recommends deleting the provision specifying that the possession of fraudulent proof
3. ACLHIC is fundamentally opposed to the fee structure
30 or 45 days. Health Net additionally opposed the prohibition on recouping interest payments from medical
34% had to reduce physician and staff salaries and 11% had to close their practices temporarily. CMA states the number of practices forced to permanently shut down is still unknown
342 California families received disaster assistance following local disasters in 2012. They report that California has 32 chapters within our state
350% of the federal poverty level, and the benchmark prices
4) A Privately-Funded State Commission? Given the duties of the new
4) Affordable Care Act. The ACA, passed in March 2010, requires most
4) Author's Response to Opposition. In response to the opposition, the author
4) Clarification needed. In amending the Donahoe Higher Education Act, the bill's requirements on UC are inconsistent with this Act, whose
4) Collection issues. BOE notes ammunition retailers already collect and remit sales and use tax on their retail ammunition sales in California
4) Concerns. Currently CDCR generally notifies law enforcement in the county of the parolee's commitment, as current law generally requires an
4) Concerns. The County Behavioral Health Directors Association (CBHDA)
4) Concerns. The League of California Cities
4) Concerns. Western Center on Law & Poverty and the California Rural
4) Constitutional requirements. Proposition 26 (2010) amended Article
4) Cost-Benefit of Including Community Colleges is Questionable. The proposed data requirements seem excessive for a segment that has very few
4) Do current regulations violate California statute? Because the MBC
4) In support, the Structural Engineers Association of California
4) Income Tax Deductions. Existing federal and state laws allow
4) Increased Security Risk. Providing confidential taxpayer information to
4) Judicial Discretion authorizes a strike to be stricken. The CA
4) Legislative Analyst's Office (LAO) Analysis and Recommendation. In its
4) Limiting the scope of the bill? This measure was heard in the Assembly
4) Opponents include the League of California Cities and several contractor
4) Opponents, including animal rights and antihunting groups
4) Opposition includes The Peace Chiefs Association, the Sheriffs
4) Opposition to moving condemned inmates out of San Quentin generally
4) Parcel Tax. A parcel tax is a flat fee imposed by a city, county, or
4) PLA Prohibitions in Charter Cities. The City of Oceanside adopted a
4) Political Reform Act: In 1974, California voters passed Proposition 9, commonly known as the PRA, which created the FPPC and codified
4) Possible reinstatement of state program via the budget. Assembly Budget
4) Recent amendment. and groups previously in opposition have
4) Recommended Amendment. Require IT vendors to certify with the public
4) Remove the prohibition on plans limiting services to short-term/acute treatments
4) San Francisco Animal Control-Suggested Amendment. The Director of Animal
4) Similar licensing programs. Currently, Utah and Virginia offer two
4) Suggested Amendment. The author may wish to limit the counties
4) Tax Credit vs. Direct Subsidy. Several scholars have suggested that
4) Technical amendment. The reference in Section 6 to (b): should be to (a)
4) The author may wish to consider establishing a uniform five-year
4) the bill authorizes "remote live caller bingo" which is currently not used anywhere in California
4) The Board has yet to take a position on this proposal
4) The BSA is a private, not-for-profit organization dedicated to
4) The current state prison population exceeds 170,000, in space designed
4) The DMH Sex Offender Commitment Program, which began in 1996, defines an
4) The number of animals delayed sheltering through "managed admissions" who then fail to show up for their appointments
4) The one-time federally-funded Cal-YOR program under BSCC funded nine
4) The remaining claims of $10,000 or more
4) The Unclaimed Property Law (UPL), enacted in 1958, establishes
4) There is no opposition to the bill
4) USPS Citizens Stamp Advisory Committee process: The USPS Citizens Stamp
4) What are "locally produced perishable goods"? This provision, the crux
4)CAA states the hearing aid test is not to be confused with the hearing evaluation performed by an audiologist. It notes the hearing aid dispenser's scope of practice expressly prohibits
4)Can charter school employees organize? Because charter
4)Concerns . DDS staff have expressed concerns with the process
4)Concerns . The California Healthcare Institute (CHI) expresses
4)Employment Issue . L.A. County, prior to the enactment of AB
4-6, and every 3 years for those children over 6. The sponsors
40 Affiliates of Dolly Parton's Imagination
413,340, 47, 18, 45, 11, 639, 551, 40, 332, 6, 595, 100, 180, 234, 1245, 440, 441, 569, Orange County Electrical Training
42 percent of California's imports come directly from the Amazon Rainforest in Ecuador
43% of the proceeds from the game go the charity will provide California
466. However, I would consider subsequent
48 states and the District of Columbia." AASCB continues, "AB 1486 closely
5 and 7 regional DASP organizations statewide. For more specific
5) Application of the Bill. Because BSA's IRS exemption affects both it and its subsidiary units down to its district councils, those entities
5) Charter schools ability to obtain school facilities. According to the Legislative Analyst's Office, there are various state and federal
5) Concerns. The Consumer Attorneys of California are concerned with the consequences of misuse of the proposed exemption. They note elderly
5) Contingency Fee: According to the FTB, only 102 of the 478 incorporated
5) DOJ's Armed Prohibited Persons System (APPS) is an online database that
5) DOJ's Prohibited Armed Persons File was created in 2001 (SB 950, Brulte)
5) Nonmedical personnel administering insulin to pupils. In October 2005, four elementary school students, along with the American Diabetes
5.Opposition . The California Catholic Conference is opposed to
500 impacts California enterprise by creating unpredictable processes, increasing liability, and imposing additional administrative burdens on
50:50 split in federal DSH payments between public and private
516. For stale-dated warrant claims
54% of physicians modify pain prescriptions based on concerns
55 or older is not necessary in light of federal law, which
570) and a Franchise Tax Board (FTB) refund of funds taken from an escrow account as a result of a tax lien
570) and an FTB refund of funds taken from an escrow account as a result of a tax lien
5] National Braille Press. http://www.nbp.org/ic/nbp/braille/needforbraille.html
5] The CPUC's Energy Division estimates that the RPS has increased
5] Transcript, Joint Oversight Hearing of the Senate and Assembly
6) Arguments in opposition. The opponents (the California Bankers
6) Concerns. California State Association of Counties
6) Opposed, seeking amendments. California Advocates for Nursing Home
617 was intended to apply only to the most costly regulations. This
619 still places the HSRA in the position of having to take into
627 days in prison and is eligible for $162
65% of practices had to reduce physician and staff hours
650,000 special education students in our state, the majority of which have the ability to pass the CAHSEE
66 percent of the drug overdose deaths in the United States involve an opioid. (c) In 2016
685 million has been allocated for the FARMER program and $347.6 million has been awarded
7% of the claims are in two categories
7) BOE Staff Concerns. BOE staff indicates numerous implementation
7) Concerns. Health plans and insurers have a number of concerns, including implementation timeline and ensuring providers are held
7) Explicitly allow plans to use other guidelines and products in utilization review
7) Generally task forces are placed under the administration of a department
7) Identical legislation, AB 918 (Block) was held on this committee's
7) Oppose Unless Amended. The California Association of Health Plans and the Association of California Life and Health Insurance Companies request the following amendments
7) Opposition from law enforcement appears to have been largely muted by
7) Previous Legislation
7) Previous legislation. AB 1718 (Blumenfield), introduced in the 2009-10
7) Previous legislation. SB 1641 (Alarcón, 2004) died in the Senate Local
7) Second and third-strikers in state prison as of September, 2011 (CDCR figures): [pic
7.5 % of the platelets produced in 1999 by BCC and HemaCare, BCC refutes the argument that a shortage of platelets will
700 (GF) - for the wrongful incarceration case of Robert Cuevas. Cuevas meets the statutory requirements to receive compensation under Penal Code Section 4900 because he proved
700 - is for the wrongful incarceration case of Robert Cuevas. Cuevas meets the statutory requirements to receive compensation under Penal Code section 4900 because he proved
700 - is for the wrongful incarceration case of Robert Cuevas. Mr. Cuevas meets the statutory requirements to receive compensation under Penal Code Section 4900 because he proved
728 local disaster incidents in California during 2012. A total of 6
75% of farms operate with net cash farm income gains under $25
765 per parcel, with terms as short as two years, and some being permanent
788 from the United States Department of Justice, the Department emphasized that there is no verification
79% of HSP incentive dollars went to conventional farms while organic operations received 17%. Farms that implement multiple healthy soils practices
8) Numerous efforts to change the three strikes law have failed
8. Adopt a housing element that is in
824 annually to combat illegal dumping. Beyond financing the clean-up
8] "Medi-Cal Manual for Intensive Care Coordination (ICC), Intensive Home
8] Identification and Care of HIV-Exposed and HIV-Infected Infants, Children and Adolescents in Foster Care. American Academy of Pediatrics, Committee on Pediatric AIDS. Pediatrics 2000
8] Santa Clara County Superior Court of California. Standing Order re
9. Allows any party to challenge the completeness and accuracy of a self
90,688. The average claim is $2,340
900 million for mental health funding
900 number or visiting designated law enforcement agencies. In 2003 DOJ
922 intends to make clear that non-union contractors can be awarded
98 funding for instructional materials
9] Health Care of Young Children in Foster Care. Committee on Early
a $0.50 increase may sound minimal in theory
a 10‐year extension is eminently reasonable. And as previously mentioned
a 17 year-old would be 42 years old before becoming qualified for a hearing
a 17 year-old would be 42 years old before becoming qualified for a hearing." In support
A 1986 California Appeal Court ruled in Planned Parenthood Affiliates v
a 2013 University of California at Los Angeles Labor Center report
A 2020 poll showed that 66% of all Californians
a 28% federal tax rate, the deduction will result in $28 from the federal government
A Board may not be better but we know that the BPPE has recently been
a broad application of a protected classification will essentially
A broad array of health and consumer advocacy groups
a broad coalition
a broad coalition of advocacy organizations and individuals
a broad coalition of business associations
a broad coalition of climate and environmental organizations
a broad coalition of environmental organizations
A broad coalition of firefighters, environmental and consumer
A broad coalition of housing advocates and public interest legal services organizations
a broad coalition of immigrants' rights advocates
a broad coalition of labor organizations
A broad coalition of law enforcement
a broad coalition of medical groups
A broad coalition of mostly public employers
A broad coalition of nursing groups
a broad coalition of organizations-including housing advocates
a broad coalition of racial
a broad coalition of ratepayer
a broad coalition of workers' rights advocates and labor unions
a broad range of civil rights and labor organizations
a California high school for at least three years and have graduated
a cannabis delivery technology platform) and veteran's cannabis advocacy organizations
a carrier cannot obtain numbers unless they have utilized 75
a carrier that does not. Another carrier may provide
a case-by-case basis and encourage open, but ethical, communications between the IT suppliers and contracting
a certain age, the professional can make a judgment whether a minor is
a certain relationship with the victim or have themselves been in harm's
a child
A citizen's right to vote also comes with certain responsibilities, particularly to ensure that his or her ballot is submitted on time
A citizen's right to vote also comes with certain responsibilities, particularly to ensure that his or her ballot is submitted on time. Many
a city or district to extend services
a Co-sponsor
A co-sponsor, the California District Attorneys Association
a coalition called Connecting for Better Health
A coalition expressing an "oppose," position, including the California Rangeland Trust, the California Farmland Trust, the California Climate and Agriculture Network and others
a coalition including the American Legion Department of California
A coalition industry that would be affected by the bill
A coalition letter
A coalition letter submitted by the American Civil Liberties Union of California, Western Center on Law & Poverty, and Disability Rights California
A coalition letter submitted by the opponents of the measure
a coalition of advocates for veterans
A coalition of advocates including the Children′s Law Center of California writes
a coalition of affinity organizations
a coalition of affordable housing advocates and developers
A coalition of agricultural associations, including the Western Growers Association
A coalition of agricultural groups, led by the Wine Institute of California
A coalition of agricultural interests, including the Western
a coalition of agricultural organizations
a coalition of agricultural organizations state: California's farmers and ranchers provide habitat for wildlife throughout the state. Unfortunately
A coalition of anti-transgender advocates
A coalition of apartment and property owners associations
A coalition of auction companies
a coalition of auto manufacturers
A coalition of building industry and wood product manufacturer organizations
a coalition of business advocates
A coalition of business and agricultural associations
