reimbursable state mandate, current law is ambiguous as to whether local
reimburse a patient's visit to a primary care provider and a visit to a
reimburse it for the cost of the credit. The remaining $40 is
reimburse taxpayers for such charges arising from BOE errors
reimbursed retroactively for initial treatment provided
reimbursement from settlements or fines and that requiring all
reimbursement is allowed for medical and dental services, but mental health
reimbursement of the costs of a homicide trial once
reimbursement or federal matching funds under HFP
reimbursement rates for hospitals
reimbursement to no more than the hospital's customary charges
reimbursement, pharmacies receive payment for generic medications they
reimbursement. CMA further indicates that a simplified
reimbursing counties for inmate assessments probation
reimbursing DIR for prevailing wage enforcement costs. ABC
reimbursing gratuitous travel costs. Additionally, transportation
reincarcerated for minor parole violations
reinforces negative stereotypes about our low-income neighbors and stymies our society's ability to envision an improved future for them and their families
reintegrating into the community. This is the period when recidivism is
rejected "control group nexus" as a basis to require out of state
relate to individuals' desire to find financial assistance
related jobs in the relevant geographic area than tax credits. Direct
related practices, except for professional licenses. This would appear
related reimbursement claims averaging roughly $25 million per year for
related to adverse actions
related to California's Early Start program. We will
related to carrying agricultural inspector services on behalf
related to hiring persons convicted of certain crimes." It was unclear at
related to recovering excess proceeds from tax-defaulted
Related to that issue the committee took into consideration the options for and future of those associations that have
related to the battering experience
related to the chiropractic scope of practice. This drastic step is not
related to the current version of the bill
related to the high school exit exam for pupils in
related veterans who may otherwise qualify for services
relating to the bridge project improprieties. Subsequently, the employee
Relations also works to combat the underground economy in California
Relations Commission (ERCOM) to further ensure each board's
Relations specified information with respect to all
relations. Moreover, the parking cash-out program may lead to unintended
relationship at best between state General Fund support (now less than 12% of total University funding) and the need of the University to
relationship to the child and the other does not. Children
relationship which supports over 150 representatives working
relationship with a contacted person. No similar requirement
relationship with both of their parents
relationship with CDCR and local law enforcement and enhance public
relationships with the manufacturers of vaccines
relatively rare in most of the state. Between 2001 and June 2009, out of roughly 980 California school districts, 132 conducted parcel tax
relatively small projects have the potential for significant
release hearing
release, ignoring the court's imposition of a lifetime
released from prison after serving a sentence for specified
released in the community in the next few months. Under current law, cases must be dismissed when mental health evaluators resign and are no
released on electronic home detention
releases will prevent complications and ensure that the child is
releasing personal information
releasing the current regulatory package. The Engineers and Scientists of California
relevance, creating an enormous database that would be
relevant factors in their admissions policies to the extent permitted
relevant information about any candidate is an unwise
relevant state and federal law, the individual members could manage their
relevant to the rewritten Senate version of the bill
relevant to the searches," including "a section detailing the actions
relevant to their case, would it be fair to include an incident that
reliability. At the time of this analysis, the committee had received no
relief from their conviction to meet a very high burden. Specifically, they must present evidence no reasonable jury would reject, evidence
relief to the low income families who experience the heaviest burden from
relief. Further, this extraordinary relief would be
relief. The legislation's proposed provisions ensure that any individual
relies upon the existing payment rules and these rules
religious beliefs to comply with the state, or look elsewhere
religious beliefs, engage in civil disobedience, or seek
religious foundation that differs from that of its proponents, as many
Relinquishment of SR183 [would] enable urban improvements along this State corridor that
rely on legal opinions from bond counsels to assure the bonds' credit worthiness. Without legislative action to
rely on medical marijuana collectives for their medicine. This is at odds
remain in DJF custody until they near their discharge date will recieve
remain in their homes by permitting counties to defer their property
remain on the tax form
remained free of prison and the commission of a new offense (Penal Code Section 667.5(b)). Similarly, domestic violence
remaining $30 will
remaining 262 claims average $1,089
remaining 323 claims average $1,824
remaining claims average $909. Of the 18 claims of $10,000 or more, 13, for a total of $207,190 are for stale-dated warrants or state treasury
remaining in place. AFSCME points to the experiences of charitable
remains affordable
remains in statute, there is no practical means for
remains. Some supporters also
remit received sales tax reimbursement or use tax, (b) persons liable as
Removal of Section 4069 from the pharmacy practice
removal proceedings" are initiated, usually after an inmate has
remove a dispositional option from the Juvenile Court that could, under
remove animals or otherwise interfere with safety provisions
remove felonies
remove the opposition of Southern California Edison.)
removed from the bill on July 6, 1998
removed its opposition with the inclusion of recent
removed such contractors from competition with law-abiding contractors
removed their opposition to the bill based on the June 13, 2000
Removed with the latest amendments
removed. Half the bargaining unit will not benefit from
removers, contact adhesives, electronic cleaners, leather care
removes surprises of costs at the point of dispensing and prevents delays in care and medication nonadherence. 4) Oppose Unless Amended. The California Association of Health Plans (CAHP)
removing incentive for a prisoner to program and behave
removing services or items, which have little impact on the resulting cost
removing statewide funding caps is unnecessary and fiscally imprudent
removing the state's opportunity to sell this "high-value" property. The agency
render the coverage illusory. "Reductions or severe
rendered on a fixed schedule by the age of a child
rendered to a child who fails to enroll in HFP within
rendered within 30 days of a well-child assessment (vs. within 30 days of a child enrolling in HFP). MRMIB
rendered within 30 days of enrollment. Changing the law as proposed in SB 112 would result in a loss of federal matching funds if a child fails to enroll
renewals, insurers are sending. Conditional renewals, which are provided
rented space at the show, submit an event and security plan, submit to
reorganize DHS without resolving these significant staffing
repairs on large-scale water leaks and running toilets, from landlords to tenants
repayments than it disbursed in PT Postponement loans
repeal of the current lawos anti-bundling prohibitions and limitations on the use of commissions to buy down the cost (and sales price) of a cellular phone. Those two repeal provisions
repeat crime and recidivism by allowing newly released inmates to access
repeatedly stated that the ability to verify documents
repeating that no reversal of a capital case in California has
replace the faucet). Once the problem is solved
replace the specific statutory definition of blight and the results of many years of well-defined case law created by hundreds of court
replacement key is made for a person who is not the registered
replacing existing Civil Code provisions pertaining to the permissible disclosure of medical information concerning
replenish the fund
Replicating the reprehensible Texas model only serves to legitimize and promote it, as evidenced by the copycat measures already enacted in some
report also
Report also
report food facility inspection information on the Internet by July 1, 2002 and requires the Department
report is unfounded, it would not be in the index in the first place
report on the construction of the new Bay Bridge, including disciplinary
report or files late, compromises the local agency's fiscal stability
report that if in fact, this facility looks like a CTF, operates like a CTF, and
report to the court May 16 regarding measures the state is taking to
reportable crimes in the two years, most of them misdemeanors, and while no crime is acceptable, in a state with more than 30
reported as child abuse. In its legal interpretation, they stated that 'a
reporters are required to report suspected child abuse cases to local law
reporters. AB 1434 is before this committee today
reporting and analysis beyond that required by the federal grants. At
reporting and may overwhelm scarce facility and community resources. As
reporting brings with it any level of accountability as to how those
reporting requirement, arguing it will lead to increased
reporting requirements, as well as the resources and systems needed to manage workforce programs. While
reporting requirements. (Penal Code Section 628)
Reporting waiting time periods without context, which CHA
reporting whether he or she has been abused or
reports from school districts
reports indefinitely and inconclusive reports for 10 years
reports of adverse events
reports that, over the long-term, the program is self-supporting. The PT
reports to try and break the paper trail that would lead back to their
reports with the Controller's Office in a timely manner. AB 276 was
reports, as the CDCR web site may be a more effective venue. Also, requiring "a general comment section...to discuss the issues they find
reports, in some cases for purposes that provide public benefits but
reports, regardless of the report's authenticity, validity or
represent a major departure from the current capital
represent a sizeable mandate on probation departments
represent a taxpayer in an assessment appeal proceeding. They note
represent low-income individuals and health care providers
represent program managers from California's network of 24
represent the public from two to one. While I am
represent victim rights in juvenile delinquency proceedings. In our view, victims are adequately protected by existing law
representation by counsel
representation from the counties that will be affected by WETA decisions
representation from the eastern region
representation from the Governor's Office, Department of Finance, Office of the Secretary for Education, the Senate and the Assembly. This group has not reached final consensus on
representation is available to an officer 'upon the filing of a formal
representation, medical and mental health treatment, and visitation with family
representation. Unrepresented litigants typically are
representations of the physical attributes of our fingertips
representative of the charter school employees. Superior Court
Representative of the coalition NARAL Pro-Choice California
Representative of the coalition the Personal Insurance Federation of California
Representative of the coalition Valor California
Representative of the coalition, the American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees
Representative of the coalition, the California Employment Lawyers Association
Representative of the coalition, the State Water Contractors, a ground of Southern California water agencies receiving water from the State Water Project
Representative of the opinion of these supporters, the Inland Coalition for Immigrant Justice
Representative of the President of the United States for
Representative of the supporters, the organization Housing is a Human Right
Representative of these organizations' sentiments, the Pacific Justice Institute
representatives are really just attempts to make way for
representatives for the property owners
Representatives from 16 other law enforcement entities
representatives from health care, law enforcement, bicycle and pedestrian
representatives of the financial institutions that potentially would make
representatives of the insurance industry
representatives, urged a reading of AB 646 that provides for a fact
represented on the personal income tax form
represented, including a district attorney, a public defender, as well as
representing janitors and other service employees
Representing McDonnell Douglas Employees
representing over 12
representing the state's 13 largest cities
represents all of the school districts in San Bernardino County
represents the bureau staff, is opposed because the bill does not provide
represents. The Communications Workers of America are also
reproductive health
reproductive health tissues, such as women donating eggs for fertility
Reproductive Justice, Maternal and Child Health Access, and Planned
Reproductive Medicine (ASRM) states its standards on the issue of providing
reputable and responsible companies from bidding on state
reputable study suggests a one percent cost increase in health
reputation as well as their chances in employment and education opportunities
reputed owner" where the current statute specifies "person or
request an extension for review could lead to overzealous individuals
request an HIV test of the victim and determine his or her HIV status
Request for Interim Study: California Association of HMOs
request that an opposing party makes for information that may
request. Even though the bill permits the hospital to charge
request. Existing law presently requires that all
requested, ordinary and necessary information, including a
requesting a waiver
requesting CDPH provide additional information about the bill's requirement to
requesting permission to institute a "triggered overlay
requesting that the bill include an exemption for lenders, providing that they would not have to disclose the information concerning construction defects during a
requests for vital records that year. The County states for every one of these requests the individual had to separately complete an affidavit of identity with a notary. The County further
requests the following amendments: (1) that oocyte donors, like other research subjects, be allowed to be compensated
requests to inspect or copy his or her personnel file even though the records have not changed
requests. Many treating physicians have complained about the difficulty of communicating with reviewers three time zones away, and supporters
require applicants to pay a firearms training fee and complete a firearms
require constant oversight and scrutiny to assure success and address public safety issues arising from such programs. CNOA
require criminal background checks, often of people they know
Require DHS to apply to the federal Centers for
require DHS to report to make the information required by
require employers to encourage their employees to enroll in
require high-value equipment that is used infrequently. Similarly
require increased court hearings, thus increasing legal costs
require intent to violate the law or injure another. Accordingly, employers who may make an honest mistake in calculating overtime rates or
require licensed structural engineers to approve building
require local governments that approve development in
require numerous reports to be filed that have no connection with the physician-patient relationship, that it could have a chilling effect on
require optometrists to be certified under existing law, and to allow health plans or delegated medical groups to establish
require over 50% of a 30 second ad. The CBA
require physician authorization for the care or
require replacement of the seat where there has been no damage
require retailers to keep track of ammunition sales separately from other
require that 100% of all policies in force are
require that payments from Medi-Cal and other public programs, as well as private payers, cover the cost of mandated services
require that the current conviction be a serious or violent felony in
require that the Superintendent of Public Instruction, school district governing boards, and schools carry out
require that there be an unlawful purpose for the request or that the adult has any unlawful intent. There are innumerable circumstances that
require the current conviction be a serious or violent felony in order
require the Department of Insurance to promulgate
require the General Fund to backfill the county's
require the labeling of all products containing genetically engineered
require the Office of the State Architect to update an existing report
require the permission of any entities whose money is being diverted for
require the use of court employees to perform services even if
