penalty, but rather calls for a temporary suspension of executions while the Commission completes its research and until the Legislature is able to consider their findings
pended or denied that go well beyond having prior authorization or a concurrent review process in place. According to CAHP and ACLHIC
pending in Assembly Public Safety
pending in Senate
pending referral in the Senate
Pension Protection Coalition whose membership includes the following organizations
people find jobs through social network sites, i.e. Craig's List. This is
people in the U.S. each year
people obtain skills and training for employment. SEIU
people of the state who, because of their economic
people out of their homes and into licensed institutions
people perceive, rightly or wrongly, that justice is
People seeking these types of care are understandably fearful about the impact of
people sometimes forego prescriptions in order to pay rent or
people who are beneficiaries, or who support beneficiaries, enrolled in Medi-Cal, Healthy Families or other state programs
people whose crimes were essentially the product of their victimization
people with disabilities increases the cost of care solely for people with disabilities
people with disabilities of the freedom to stay in their homes and live
people with legal problems, it also burdens the justice system itself and impairs the administration
people with SSS. For example, when men apply for federal college
people's capacity for rehabilitation. These factors are based on the characteristics of the defendants as opposed to the underlying conviction
people-36.3 teachers and other professionals, 23.3 support
people. In such cases it is more important than ever to allow
people." (SCI)
Per federal guidance, this one year time limit is not mandated and
per letters provided to the Local Government Committee
per Propositions 218 and 26. The coalition notes: "This means that the remaining water users
Per Senate Health and Human Services
Per Senate Health and Human Services Committee analysis of 4/30/03
Per the National Council on State Legislatures, as of 2018, 21
per the Senate Elections & Constitutional Amendments Committee
per year for two years (fiscal years 2022-2024)
per year. The remaining surplus should be held in
percent goal established in the bill
percent increase in health care spending in 2004
percent of project costs
percent of the existing inventory of numbers that they hold
percentage of offenders opt for urine tests. Elimination of urine testing will have little overall effect, while limiting
percentage of the recovery, plus attorney fees. This will
percentage of total wages on health insurance costs, and AB
percentage spent on administration than products with
percentages
perfectly lawful noncommercial speech in the name of preventing others from engaging in unlawful conduct. [Cf
perform design-build projects, whereas smaller firms do not have this
perform either of these functions
perform procedures in an unregulated and unenforced environment
performance measures, and
performance metrics,' 'target performance levels' and 'desired
performed by social workers blurs the critical distinctions in
performed satisfactorily. In our justice system we rely on prosecutors to
performing arts organization
performing schools in raising their academic achievement
performing their due diligence in screening applicants, thus subjecting
Perhaps more importantly, we fear that AB 524 will lead to additional
Perhaps there was a criminal trial that resulted in a hung jury. It
Perinatol. 2000 Jun
period
Period
period between 2005 and 2008, only one disciplinary citation was issued
period could modify gun purchasers' behavior, the letter appeared to have
period from three to two years was negotiated in 1983, with
period is sufficient for administrators to determine whether new
period of beginning teachers, expand the criteria by which
period possible to non-immigrants with multiple entry visas
period was closed without payment
period, during which severance may be accomplished without cause
period, this may be time-consuming and expensive to prove in court
period. In contrast, the CEA has over the years built its financial
periodic testing. (Please see at Line 8 and at Line 7.) Consistent with AB 746
periods of time. According to PORAC, "Many times, management has used
periods that are in effect under current statutory and regulatory authority
permanent and uninterrupted. AB 1098 alters this agreement. CSAC
permanent disabilities, 67 "did not recover," and 2 deaths
permanent employee status within the contract annually
permanent employees add stability to school districts and give
permanent non-pilot waiver that allows and encourages
permissible because it serves a special need beyond the normal
permissible building blocks of coverage when the first building block is
permit applications and provisions which deemed such
permit book wholesalers conducting buyback on campus to accept review
permit expediting rate changes favoring good drivers (although it is unclear why it would not also expedite rate changes which harm good drivers.) PIF also
permit form the BOE. I am asking that the BOE share
permit the DOI to increase fees to match the costs of doing oversight of any given licensee, without shifting
permits and thereby determine who may carry a concealed, loaded gun on
permits any person or entity to bring an action in court
permits the greatest misdemeanor punishment available-up to one year in
permitted as inappropriately sidestepping local elected officials
permitted to require insurance policies. The opponent also
permitted to take following the establishment of a conviction may
permitting
permitting the interception of contemporaneous conversations that are
permitting the sale of firearms and ammunition on state-owned property only perpetuates America's gun culture at a time when 73 percent of Californians
perpetrators are brought to justice
PERS staff is also recommending a support position, but is
PERS,(staff position only)
PERS,to require the employer to pre-fund
persists regarding the efficacy and availability of treatment for eye tracking, fixation, focusing, and teaming, the many children who suffer from these problems
person and their family of requiring overtime, rest and meal periods for
person known to be prohibited from possessing ammunition
person then must wait weeks to receive their own information before they can go to an attorney
person to fill board appointments. Moreover, this
person to provide that notice
person who appears to be too young to lawfully purchase
person who receives DEJ is 'getting off'. Nothing could be further from
person who receives DIJ is 'getting off'. Nothing could be further from
person would deny the need to fund programs which improve services to
person's existing
person's Medi-Cal eligibility to all hospital-based providers, ambulance
person's term should be determined by the jury or an independent
person, by telephone, or electronic. (d) The publisher of a textbook shall print on the outer cover of, or
personal family relationships and the most intimate workings
personal information on in-home service providers who are not
personal property
personal property liens complies with federal
personal use. SCE
personnel
personnel and the creation of a straight felony for
personnel are already extensive. The analysis
personnel files at one time. As such, it may be difficult to respond to
personnel is not the best solution to the problem. The diagnostic laboratories are critically important to our
personnel to administer antiseizure medication to pupils, upon request
personnel, and 2.4 administrators. The remaining 20 percent
personnel," and discourage innovation. The Council has committed to
personnel. This decision was appealed. In June 2010, the 3rd District
persons
Persons being considered for commitment as sexually violent
persons continuously cross between the acute hospital side of the facility and the SNF. Because hospitals would have to pay
persons exempted from the Web be provided to the social networking Web site
persons exiting corrections
persons injured in an accident is not a deterrent. Persons
persons who commit crimes are financially liable for all of the reasonable and natural damages suffered by any victim as the result of that criminal conduct. Subsection (d) adds nothing to current law
persons who otherwise are not interfering or disrupting a business as
Persons with
persons[,"] and in doing so, provides clarification and consistency in
perspective, and other criteria. The selection process takes
perspective, CACJ
peruse the website and see where registered sex offenders are living in
pesticides in public schools
pesticides to help keep schools clean, and reduce the spread
pests" to include viruses, bacteria and other microorganisms, such antimicrobials fall within the pesticide category
pet grooming and retailer industry
pet grooming industry
petition for civil commitment as an SVP is likely to engage in sexually
petition. The bill further requires that this list be updated, and the petition reprinted, within five business days any time there is a change to the top
petitions filed by district attorneys, 301 were found to have
Petroleum Association is neutral. Matson Shipping Line is
petroleum products. This loophole is not a concern, according
PG&E argued, on the other hand, that exempting customers in new
PG&E indicates that electrical distribution systems are
PG&E questions the rationale of placing the bill's
PH believes the most productive path forward is to leverage the MSR already in progress and
Pharmaceutical companies and their trade groups
Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) has taken an
Pharmacies also need a defined process for appealing MAC list prices that
pharmacies and the licensure of pharmacists, and evaluating
pharmacies as well as the health care, solid waste, pharmaceutical industries, and the manufacturers of sharps. (b) Since mail-back programs utilizing containers that have
pharmacies that offer significant savings while meeting
pharmacies without a commensurate benefit to the public. CPhA
pharmacist to sell or furnish 10 or fewer hypodermic needles
pharmacists and by greater awareness of this requirement on
pharmacists and retailers
pharmacists to provide 60 days of prescribed medicine over the specified period. The company
pharmacists to violate their moral and religious convictions and distribute contraceptives and abortifacients. California
pharmacists with sincerely held religious beliefs, and that
Pharmacy Board to address the shortage of pharmacists in certain areas of the
philosophic structure to engage in these activities. Further, given that persons suffering from mental and emotional
Phlebotomists have performed hundreds of thousands of PIVO blood collections over the last year in other
phone antennas that are placed on top of the utility poles, resulting in
phone calls
Phone calls from numerous individual traffic schools
phone calls to their personal residence, and not to protect
photographers to liability for "constructive" trespass if they infringed
photos are posted to social media sites to shame, embarrass, harass, and intimidate the victim. Existing law does nothing to specifically protect
physical and chemical properties
physically impaired, that cannot meet the principles of compatibility or
physician fails to write a purpose on the prescription
physician groups and other health care providers stridently
physician must consider when choosing which CE courses to
physician practices
physician supervision, and in some cases practice on their own
physician willingness to appropriately prescribe needed pain medication and treat patients suffering from chronic pain and/or addiction, and that
physician, which is the department's current practice
physicians and hospital services. Because the Legislature did
physicians and researchers in the field of spinal cord injury as well as
physicians regulated by the MBC will provide appropriate oversight and quality control that is not available for non-California licensed
physicians should be involved in creating treatment guidelines
physicians to be employed per hospital on a case-by-case basis
physicians would be able to approve or deny treatment
physicians' decision of location of practice may be motivated by the choice of region most likely
physicians, hospitals, and nursing homes because adding
physicians. Supporters also
physiological function. CPA does not
piece-meal solution. The best way for California to increase access to
pigeon-holed.' The amendments in SB 314 also allow for the Controller
pilot fatigue continuing education and training
pilot is already fully funded through philanthropic
Pilot misconduct, incompetence, and negligence: Currently, the Board is
pilot project
pilot. Given that logic, they
pinpoint accuracy. In the hands of terrorists, .50 BMG sniper
pioneered in San Francisco in 2001
pipeline beneath a protected habitat in a manner that causes minimal
piracy, the applicable provision should be amended to clarify that music
pirate' limousine drivers who solicit customers at SFO in violation of SFO's rules and regulations. AB 1885 will benefit public safety at SFO by
pirates dealing in hard-drives, flash drives, memory cards, and other
PIT Tax Sample and Microsimulation Model Detail may not add to total due to rounding
place consumers at unacceptable risk by allowing
place in counties
place on rural districts, it is unclear what benefit a rigid statewide
place provisions pertaining to state civil service employees
place unnecessary
place, retailers will obtain pre-approval from the system to make a sale, and over-limit sales are denied, stopping illegal sales before they
placed annual or lifetime caps on the benefits that
placed on pharmacies. CPhA
placed on three to five years probation. One of the terms and conditions
placements should be made with great care and only as a
places an undue burden on employers, will lead to job loss in
places significant workload requirements and fiscal pressures on regional
placing a measure on the ballot to fund their trauma center
placing small counties in the position of needing a perpetual
Plaintiffs sued in 2016 asserting two
plan allocates $255.3 million for these activities and leaves
plan for purposes of minimum funding standards, suggesting each
Plan funding to develop necessary services. The lessons of the past
plan industry can review complaints filed by providers
plan panels
plan prepared by the City of Lynwood
plan's capitation rate should be made locally dependent on
plan, however, would continue to receive HFP capitated
plan. CCPOA also
plan. However, the TCA continues to be available to
Planning & Conservation League opposition removed by amendments in bill
Planning and Conservation League and a number of environmental organizations
planning for intervention and therapy
planning process, tying up local government resources and delaying job creation
plans and insurers may be forced to increase other cost-sharing components in order to keep the overall benefit design within the required actuarial value limits. ACLHIC and CAHP ask
Plans and insurers would remove their opposition if the bill
plans and pharmacy benefit managers. These price lists need frequent
plans and providers
plans and purchasers to reduce covered benefits or provider
plans and that, because the Field Act has proven its value in
plans are paying providers rates that are inadequate to
plans exerting a disproportionate influence on the market. What started out as a competitive marketplace
plans have removed their opposition
plans is limited. The Foundation Fighting Blindness, which
plans is to do it in a way that ensures environmental and community impacts
plans that best fit the needs of the employees
plans to directly assist HFP applicants. First, they feel
plans to file with the Department of Corporations (DOC) a
plans to provide price stability and the moderation of price
