documents in the same language as advertised-would force them to stop
documents lack guidance for a large number of designs that [have been
documents that are prepared, owned, used and retained by private entities
documents, relevant information about how to contact the DOC and start grievance procedures against the insurance plan
documents, the most recent financial statement and documents about special assessments and charges. Lenders
DoD is very appreciative of California's ongoing commitment and efforts
does not align with the original intent of the pilot program and
does not allow a taxpayer to access their records with one single logon
does not authorize shifting property tax revenues from these entities to
does not comply with his or her agreement and return the funds advanced
does not compromise the effectiveness of service nor violate
does not contain the underlying investigative reports
does not create a state reimbursable mandate. Section 17556(f)
does not currently provide a practical means for California and other
does not deal with this issue
does not improve compliance with the child
does not perfectly align the requirements
does not prohibit such hiring from increasing the part-time/full-time
does not provide for licensing fees sufficient
does not recognize that under [current law] district have always been
does not reference juvenile wards, it places the administration of the program under CDCR rather than BSCC, it makes no reference to programs
Does not reflect the bill in print
does not ultimately hire the individual. Even if the decision to hire is
dogs but is euthanizing many cats could enact a spay/neuter ordinance
dogs moving intrastate are very similar to dogs coming from outside as to public health risks
DOI additionally
DOI is supporting SB 482 in order to clarify and update the law regarding DOI examinations of insurers, and insurer reporting requirements. DOI
DOI strongly
doing enough to investigate and prosecute insurer
DOJ a list of prospective vendors, provide photo identification of vendors, prepare an event and security plan, and require all guns to be
DOJ anticipates needing to hire an unknown number of additional Deputy Attorneys General and legal
DOJ may need to hire additional attorneys and
DOJ, while acknowledging the problem of "misidentification of persons through questionable
dollar amount? The typical funeral currently costs
dollar felony theft should not receive probation
dollars ($500), and the beneficiary has given the provider proof of eligibility to receive the service or services, the provider shall issue
dollars through a hospital provider fee. This opportunity is embodied in
domestic abuse? How many phone calls per day from a significant other
Domestic Violence Service providers will be eligible for technical and financial
domestic violence victims. The domestic violence plan
domestic work employers are unnecessary and burdensome. Specifically, they
domestic work employers are unnecessary and burdensome. Specifically, they cite compliance with occupational and safety standards as a major
Domestic workers work in the homes of ill, elderly or disabled people
dominated by individuals with close working
donation of $100. But $60 must be transferred to the General Fund to
done so with respect to a number of highly dangerous activities, including natural gas leaks or discharges in marine waters
donor-advised funds or charitable or family trusts
door to enter/exit their vehicle. A camera may not capture this on tape, whereas a live officer would be able to visualize the entire scene when
door unlocking, which the GCLA's
dosages of the compound used by most food manufacturers to lung
DOSH also anticipates needing significant additional attorney and
double compensation for the entire "family holiday" even if only one hour
double the car tax for San Francisco and that California motorists
DOUBLE-REFERRAL: The Senate Rules Committee has also
doubt. The burden under this newly established administrative hearing
down of redevelopment agencies
down the number of pictures left, it is inexcusable that
dozens of execution dates will be set within the next 18
DPH adds that any person who violates these provisions
DPH also
DPH because additional expenditure authority is needed in the Program to continue the production of BabyBig
DPH estimates annual General Fund costs of $1 million for staffing resources
DPH estimates it will need approximately $1 million annually for three additional staff
DPH stopped surveying SNFs for the federal 96-hour fuel supply standard tied to NFPA requirements
DPH was unable to provide a cost estimate, but
DPR would have to review and evaluate data
Dr. Geraldine Washington, President, Los Angeles National
Dr. Hank Chambers, Medical Director, Children's
Dr. Jeff Bronstein, M.D., Ph.D., Director of Movement
Dr. Jerome Engel, Chief, Div. of Epilepsy and Clinical
Dr. Koleman Berkeley Community Health
Dr. Larry Bowers, Senior Managing Director, United States
Dr. Leon Owens, Director of the Trauma Care Program at
dramatic departure from traditional concepts of criminal
dramatic increase in the number of incidents of willful damage to its
dramatically boost their ability to raise money" through remote bingo, while clarifying existing law as to what constitutes bingo in California
drawn and otherwise duplicates existing law governing the crime of making
drawn into liability litigation upon an accident caused by the failure of the autonomous technology or its installation and that autonomous
DRC also
DRC urges your
dried bone and dermis has
drinking fluoridated water
drive up the cost of health care. It is unclear whether the most recent amendments, which narrow the bill's definition of "special food products," addresses the opposition's concern
drive up the cost of health care. Opponents
drivers and parking in surrounding neighborhoods or in nearby parking
drives with a 0.08% or above, will be rearrested and prosecuted as a
driving a listed family member to a doctor's appointment on a quarterly
dropped 14 percent
dropped, he can still be jailed for violating probation
dropping coverage for their children when they are healthy. For
DRPs, the provisions of the Auto Body Repair Consumer Bill of Rights, the growing use of "concierge" programs, and other
drug overdose epidemic has continued to worsen in the United
drug prices means less incentive for research and development
drug regimen
drug testing is technical and imperfect
drug unless it is lower than the net price the state would
drug use is "not so bad after all." The Campaign For
drugs for state departments and agencies
drugs, such as the possession of heroin, cocaine, and methamphetamine
drugs, synthetic marijuana is not tested for safety, and users don't
DSH anticipates costs of about $479,000 for two limited-term, full-time equivalent positions to conduct the analysis, plus contract costs for experts about conditional release programs in other
DSH for SVP evaluation (as of July, 2011). Of this number: 1,820 met the clinical evaluation requirement and were referred to district attorneys, 1,274 were found to have probable cause
DSS further
DSS would also incur staff workload costs to establish the advisory committee and designate an employee to provide ongoing
DTSC and other stakeholders to develop a program that is 'right-sized' for marine flares and we
dual enrollment can
due process or remedy for the firearm purchaser or impacted sellers. AB
due process rights for teachers based on one incident
Due to proposed amendments, opposition to the April 24, 2000, version not applicable
due to rising health care costs as one of their chief
due to the bill, more youth could be pressured into wrong life
Due to the continuous rise in hate crimes and antisemitic incidents across California and the United
due to the fixed funding relationship between fees and GF
Due to the late amendments, the Board of Accountancy has not
due to the multi-million dollar cost of increased state prison time
due to the stagnant nature of the housing market and the loss of development funds, there have been very limited opportunities for new
due to the State's current fiscal condition. The proposed
due to the statutory mandate for continuing education regarding
due to this lack of statutory authority to issue a summons, the Trusts and Estates Section of the State Bar (TEXCOM)
due to what they describe as costly and administrative compliance
duplicative and costly testing could force GWI out of business, and that in its 20-year history, GWI has had no
during 'evenings and off-days
during fiscal crises
during labor and delivery, must be approved by FDA that will
During my Administration, I have worked to revitalize career technical
during the notice period and under new ownership. CHA states
during the time the worker is waiting for a court hearing on the claim of exemption. The WCLP reports that the timing of court hearings following
duties. The list of mandated reporters generally includes individuals
duty and moral obligation to provide health care regardless of citizenship. ACOG also explains that failure to provide
DVBEs and
DVG America, Inc., states "Many, who have been breeding dogs in
DVU strongly
DWR in order to meet emergency repair needs on projects throughout the Central Valley
dyslexia and related disorders. However, the two issues are
e) AB 253 (Smyth) would have required the Controller, in collaboration
e) educate health consumers of their right to a certificate and facilitate the process of applying for a certificate of exemption from the requirement to
e) For a second felony violation of the California Desert
e) Increased reporting requirements
e) Lack of evidence that unscrupulous doctors are "selling fake medical exemptions
e) Local consumers, through their elected officials, should make the decisions about which stores they want in their communities. AB 667
e) makes homelessness a status that allows for disparate treatment under the law
e) makes homelessness a status that allows for disparate treatment under the law. A coalition including Disability Rights California
E) Mandate to seek payment: SB 112 requires that
e) One elected officer or chief administrative officer of a
e) Permit the use of existing utilization management tools
e) require people enrolled in coverage through the Exchange to be regarded as "members" to whom the Board and the staff owe a duty
e) The locations of surface water storage sites, such as reservoirs, are
e) The minor is not ineligible for probation pursuant to statute
e. Insurers would be prohibited from using
each bill, in the offer or renewal of homeowners
each child presents differently
each doctor visit, vaccine, and x-ray results in out-of-pocket costs
each hospital must be given the discretion to carefully
each of the many other county and state departments and agencies already
Each of these groups have specific issues they
each of these organizations
each year
each year thereafter
EAH, the sponsor of this resolution
Earlier versions of the bill were opposed by the municipal electric utilities (munies), including irrigation
early detection program to reduce cancer deaths among women
Early identification of developmental delays through screening is the first step to connecting children with
Early Learning and Care to work with the department and review how the state can best position itself to meet those requirements efficiently and effectively, including the delivery of any training
early timeline for proposing and adopting fee increases, disregards the relationship between state General Fund support and student fee levels
early trauma-informed interventions for school-aged children experiencing extreme traumatic events
earmarking funding for such an approach at a time when the colleges are
earned awards based on testing in the Spring of 2003
earned health care benefit. Additionally, the previous employer
earthquakes than non-Field Act constructed buildings and that any
ease compliance and implementation issues
ease overcrowding, will incentivize county jail inmates to participate in
easier for the government to obtain highly private information
easily take that chance because the individual's or small
easing of administrative problems in the system. The Chamber
East Bay Municipal Utilities District (EBMUD) (with suggested
easy way for the state to encourage private contributions to help food
ECHO also
ecological information
economic activity. Public transit is a vital public service and the millions of annual public transit riders in California should not be at
Due to this lack of statutory authority to issue a summons, the Trusts and Estates Section of the State Bar (TEXCOM)
Economic and Workforce Development Training and Development Director
Economic Development Manager
economic development, affordable housing and other such investments that
economic impacts. The league
economic obstacle to rehabilitation
Economic Workforce Development Training & Development Director, Butte
economy and is critically important to economic recovery. According to
Edison and Pacific Gas and Electric Company express similar concerns
Edison states, "Expanding the NEM program to include oversized projects and aggregation as proposed in this legislation is not necessary because
edition and previous editions of the textbook. (c) The lists required by subdivision (b) shall be made available to the prospective purchaser at the start of any sales interaction at a public
edition for the purpose of this section as Ions as there are no substantial changes
edition will remain in print or the previous edition print dates . (b) Each publisher, agent, or employee of a publisher of textbooks intended
edition will remain in print or the previous edition print dates. (3) Suggested retail price of all new textbooks. (c) Each campus bookstore in any public postsecondary education institution
editorial goes on to
EDP/telecommunications procurements. The DGS
education (CTE) programs throughout the state by increasing funding for
Education advocates also content there are several operational flaws with
education and experience
education and health resources to implement even a pilot such
education and promote hiring quotas for gays and lesbians
Education Committee on March 28, 2012 and the author agreed to
education costs, social, and rehabilitation services and income maintenance programs. NorCal
education course in the subjects of pain management and the treatment of terminally ill and dying patients
education funding to $4 million in 1997-98. The bill
education in other areas that are essential to the needs of specific physicians and patients. CMA
education programs by "de-linking the rehabilitation and corrections
education programs within the county
education programs, which are just one part of the state's
education services in its community and that resulted from unique
education support under Proposition 98
education system has not kept pace with rapid changes in digital
education to meet high school graduation requirements
education, and capital outlay. Although these expenditures
education-first approaches-such
educational agency is responsible for foster care pupils with special
educators and lawmakers about the topic
effect of increasing the cost of R&D inputs - primarily highly-skilled
effect of the recession is the amount of available venture capital has
effect on the testimony received, and consequently diminish the resultant
effect prior to this case
effect" because California produces roughly two billion board feet of timber annually, but consumes nearly seven billion board feet. The Sierra
effective energy efficiency improvements. It appears, given that the bill
effective interventions that proactively
effective or has fewer side effects based on the packaging or a publicly
effective provision of inmate health care services
effectively make a group of scientists accountable to no one
effectively screen the prison population, and establish
effectively sidestepping the plan's own provider network. CMA
effectively would eliminate the favorable tax treatment that
effectiveness in meeting the public's need for protection
effectiveness of the grand jury investigation
effects than marijuana. The Recovery California Coalition
effects] at her parole hearing, BPH uses it as a reason that she is
efficiencies and alternative revenues, it cannot cover the remaining gap
efficiency funds is to ensure those funds are only expended on cost
efficiency of air conditioners in California. Currently, air
efficiency programs on their own
efficiency savings for each municipal utility. The bill would
efficiency. Rather, it is a service to policyholders who might not
efficient by using systemwide rather than site-specific contracts
efficient than new ones or alternative heating appliances, the overriding
efficient way of identifying individuals applying for employment in a state
efficiently
effort to force the use of abuse-deterrent opioids by disallowing generic
effort was devoted to determining what the likely
effort, whether overt or veiled, to substantially weaken the statutory
Efforts already exist around the country to try and group together calls for conventions on different subjects to reach the two-thirds threshold of
efforts have tried to capture. It restores consumers' ability to access
efforts of the PUC, and is concerned about "codifying a new or different
efforts to protect the elderly from financial abuse, this
