to new ARB diesel regulations for off-road and construction equipment
to newspaper advertisements and certain reporting
to no more than 5 percent in order to ensure that the maximum amount of funds can be used for loan repayment
To note, FACCC
to obtain a license before January 1
to obtain continuation coverage from age 60 to 65, and their
to obtain more weeks of benefits by seeking unnecessary treatment
to obtain physician authorization before they can
to offset fines owed to the Victims' Restitution Fund from a convicted
to one particular purpose or another. Opponents
to one year, has been completely misconstrued and, in effect, overturned
to operate in this way
to organizations that have received funding from the California Innocence
to other countries whose economies are similar in size
to other research subjects, be allowed to be compensated for
to outlaw currently working exhibitions that meet all existing laws
to overreact to perceived threats. Victims of child abuse and neglect
to oversee a workgroup charged with developing findings and recommendations regarding the most effective ways to implement policies and programs
to parole to the county of commitment, so it is not clear who CDCR should
to pay claims, but there is no cost to either the CEA or its
to pay for
to pay higher premiums, and it makes little sense to help families afford
to pay off the loan at their next payday, and will be more likely to land
to pay, rather than charges
to people with HIV and AIDS
to perform a hearing aid test. The tests performed by a
to perform activities of basic daily living, and requires 24-hour care, may be granted medical parole if the Board of Parole Hearings determines
to perform medical clearance exams that are currently performed in EDs. The California Hospital Association (CHA)
to perform that function
to perform the inspections
to personnel records kept by their employer. While I support the intent
to Pesticides, Pesticide Education Group-Marin
to pet stores. Responsible breeders who carefully select homes for one or
to phase-out methylene chloride, perchloroethylene and trichloroethylene in consumer products such as adhesive
to prepare the report. The report shall address
to prevent inventory loss
To previous versions of the bill
to prior versions of the bill: American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees (AFSCME), AFL-CIO
to proactively seek relief in small claims court is explicitly protected and that legislative intent is clear
to prohibit excessive cost sharing. Finally, opponents
to promulgate regulations by a certain date to avoid
to protect children. AB 2209 supplies the courts with appropriate
to provide a substantially equivalent level of seismic safety as the current DSA process
to provide breakfasts and absorb any cost, above the federal funding provided, from within their schools
to provide continued
to provide financial
to provide funding
to provide funding and administrative
to provide funding for the FOREST and Wildfire Prevention Fund
to provide notice of subsequent activity logged at the federal level
to provide oversight
to provide stewardship for the homes created by RDAs
to provide that the assessment is only made available to those who need to
to provide when the original CEA deal was struck in 1996. It is "free
to providing a lasting solution for the Fund. While I recognize that
to public disclosure. Some opponents are concerned that this
to public safety, or how many deaths and injuries the safety defect has
to public utilities and leaves state and educational agencies
to pupils transferring to a school located in another district
to purchase drugs but is acquitted or the charges are
To purchase magazines? It is a difficult policy road to travel down in
to put these bills over to determine if policy
To qualify for FEMA's extreme heat funding, the state and its local jurisdictions must submit applications and the proposed actions must be consistent with the
to qualify for this exclusion
to re-offend, and, if they do, the period between offenses is greater
to reach a settlement within 30 days of appointment, defines certain
to read: 11153.1. (a) It is the intent of the Legislature that
to read: 22502.1. (a) (1) A ticket resale marketplace
to read: 22505.2. (a) A person ticket reseller shall not use an internet website
to real estate transactions, excluding home sales. Supporters also note
to receive training and education related security topics, as specified
to recipients
to reduce judicial discretion. Is there any evidence to show
to reduce the average time it takes them to resolve a petition for
to reduce their interest costs, but this proposal sets up a disparity
to reduce waste and promote recycling
to remove intent language applicable to a previous version of the bill. The author should delete , lines 1 to 13 inclusive, because it is no longer applicable
to remove the funding targets and statutory
to rendering services to that beneficiary. (c) It shall be the responsibility of the provider prior to rendering
to require a court, for example, to permanently revoke applicable
to require the current conviction be a serious or violent felony in
to respond to potentially permanent and disabling side effects
to restrict credit to two children
to reverse voter approved initiatives, similar to Proposition 13, that
to review a library's policy. CLA indicates its members have concerns with governing bodies having such control over a library's policy
to review California treatment, and some reason to expect out of state
to risks associated with pirate limousines
to run local criminal history information checks on prospective
to save.... There is no reason to treat the murder of other public or
to SB 112 and the timing of payments under SB 112. The language in SB 92 does not result in the possibility of duplicate payments being made
to Section 1203.4, 1203.4a, 1203.41, or 1203.42 of the Penal Code
to see if cities qualify for programs that provide
to seek prompt treatment for health conditions
to serve but doesn't actually serve
to set prices at the end of the adoption process as opposed to
to special education and reallocated the remaining
to state legislation, courts have usually required specific wording
to stock their shelves and offer a customer a variety of merchandise at
to Stop Outside Dumping, Environment
to strictly control or eliminate higher cost-sharing options
to subdivide their land and sell it to individual owners, AB 1542
to subject a defendant to an enhanced sentence. AB 112 was moved to
to successfully implement realignment
to such piers as a condition of use of state lands is therefore
to suddenly charge rent for access to state lands after land owners have
to support even the suggestion that adult entertainment causes crimes
to support public safety efforts, especially in high-crime areas. They
to support the development and growth of these technologies. Additionally
to sustainability and create savings for the system
to take advantage of a tax-preferred form of savings
to take advantage of any existing employer-sponsored heath
to take advantage of these services
to take reasonable steps to protect the safety and quiet enjoyment of residents. It has been extremely difficult to try and provide
to taxpayers with annual taxable incomes of more than $1
to the association, it would be very difficult for Access
to the author's office, the latest amendments were taken to
to the bill as introduced
to the Blood Centers of California (BCC), as well as the American Red Cross. Noting that HemaCare supplied only about
to the California Military Department
to the CEC
to the communities they serve, and they receive extensive
to the costs of a single project that DPH is required to determine by an
to the DCSS in additional staff and resources to establish new statewide policies and procedures and make modifications within the Child
to the defense and could be used as the basis for impeachment despite the fact that the jury might not know the nature of the offense for which the witness has been granted immunity
to the Department of Justice, up until 2009, no more than 1,100 single
to the department's position, however, the Governor's 2004-05
to the design and administration of future state lease agreements." Of particular concern is Section 2 of the bill, which covers leaseholds of the Coliseum and Arena, along with the parking facilities
to the detriment of physicians and their patients
To the extent that a family is receiving State aid while not receiving the child
To the extent there is a reduced private provider revenue for exclusive operating areas/sub-areas, EMSA
to the finalization of the plan
to the full range of services. Lastly, the opponents
to the identification device requirements and the requirement
to the improvement of the administration of justice, including matters that may advance the professional
to the mapping of local food producers so that organizations that
to the maximum number of classified employees since the district will
To the Members of the California State Senate
To the Members of the California State Senate: I am returning Senate
to the most comprehensive lifesaving breast and cervical
to the Multiple Habitat Conservation Plan
to the opponents, the PUC already has the authority to access
to the opposition, because there are specific statutes now
to the Orange County situation, opponents
to the process outlined in the background section
to the process outlined in the background section above
to the program, without a rate increase, will exacerbate problems. The CMA
to the reforms, that this particular year was when PD costs were at their
to the repayment of welfare had the effect of making both the father and mother feel that the money that came into the system was not going
to the reprogramming of millions of wireless phones
to the requirement for retirees to wait 180 days before returning to
to the requirement that pupil assessment data (in particular STAR program data) be a component of the teacher evaluation system. These
to the RSA, "AB 1678 is a modest step in addressing some of the unintended public safety consequences arising from passage of last
to the San Francisco Mayor's Office of Housing
to the seat and no injury to the child. PIF
to the Special Fund for Economic Uncertainties. Proceeds from the sale
to the State Controller
to the state tax at the 9.3% rate for the state and a federal deduction
to the state's economy. For example, the AKC indicates that a national
to the storage of blood spots and their use in research. According to the author, all opposition except for the California Hospital Association has
to the subcontractor, it would increase the burden on
to the sun through the use of classroom based, school
to the Superintendent of Public Instruction
to the tough, entrenched problem of illegal gang activity. Instead of addressing the underlying problems that make gang involvement attractive
to the ultimate success of the proposed program. Otherwise, volunteers and schools will be very reluctant to agree to take on such important duties and responsibilities as proposed in SB 161
to the University, no matter how far in the future that might be
to their health plan patients. CAPG
to their OB-GYN for their annual Pap smear and pelvic exam
to their request to meet. This disparity in the process is
to their subscribers and enrollees, many of whom are
to this chapter, and who subsequently attempts to seek reimbursement or to
to this measure, was vetoed by Governor Schwarzenegger in October 2007
To this point, the California State Pipe Trades Council
to those California licensees. Health plans also
to those pupils
to time limitation
to train and dispatch apprentices to public works projects such as those
to treat pregnant women who were not in labor but had other life
to treat them with medications. These inmates are not able to participate
to twice the base term of the current felony
to unexpected medical bills by inadvertently obtaining care from out-of
to uninsured patients, to account for the variation in patient
to United Cerebral Palsy, "Eliminating in-home care programs, as we
to use health plans to provide coordinated care to Medi-Cal
to use highway shoulders is a low-cost strategy to improve bus running
to use the same evidence to attempt to gain release from incarceration a
to use this term in relationship to the practice of social work
to use up the available credits. By expanding the projects that may
to utilize public transit and disincentives for automobile use
to utilize their professional judgment on how to best
to warrant permanent debarment is also not sufficiently defined
to which the employees may be exposed. The manufacturer
to whoever might otherwise be mandated to provide that information
to why this legislation is needed, as it appears to infringe
to work and be tested before either codifying in statute or
to work as security guards while their applications are being
to workers' compensation insurers that mandated a certain percentage
to working poor families through the availability of preventive care. notes there are seven million
to-human rabies cases, if the dog does not acquire the necessary immunity
to-work rates in the country, and
to. The Board is responsible for inspecting and licensing
to: (a) clarify who pays for the resident's assessment prior to admission
tobacco tax money. Through the language in lines 13-16, the rate becomes the rate established for those
Today we write to you
Today, 12
Today, 16
Today, in California three out of four of the permanent disability
together comprise 30% of the state's jail inmates and almost 40% of the state's prison inmates, are particularly interested
Together they may identify other sources of stable
told law enforcement he did not even see the shooter. Based on this
tonnage was just 4/10ths of 1% lower in 2008 than in 2006, but the amounts
too high and could exceed the actual tax benefits received by a taxpayer
took place. In addition, in many cases, California has actually
tool should be developed through the use of emergency regulations. SB 21
tools to support California communities after redevelopment's demise
torture in which the victim dies, even where there was no
total cost to clean up greater than 60,000 gallons of fuel oil was about $200 million, including Natural Resource Damages, cleanup costs, government costs and third-party
total protein refractometer test can be administered in 48 states by a
total statewide funding for this optional program
total use of medically important antimicrobials will not be significantly
totaled $532,668. Of the eight, seven of the businesses have remained open
totally unworkable situation by requiring the contractor to
toward educating vulnerable consumers that athletic training is indeed a
toward employer health care expenditures, because they would encourage
towards state and local clean air goals as well as funding needs
towards the privatization of public education" and "would trade real
toxicological information
tracks state firearm laws, 39 states and the District of Columbia
Trade and Commerce Agency as a means of resolving these problems
trade associations
trade associations for health care services plans
trade associations in their accreditation processes, as well as scientific and technical data submitted by individual tissue banks
trade sector and creates jobs for Californians by providing tax
Trades Council, state, "Without this change, certain programs, both union and nonunion, that cover multiple geographic areas will unfairly be
trades-people are sidelined by the lack of jobs and California is losing
traditional media such as vinyl records, tapes, and compact discs (CDs)
traditional reporting frameworks is that TBL includes environmental and social measures. One of the challenges of this type of accounting is
Traditional Values for Next Generations writes that it
traditionally have been used with coastal and other California
traffic congestion. CCEEB is aware of several theoretical and anecdotal
traffickers. They are carefully groomed by their traffickers to look and act like willing prostitutes in order to appeal to customers, often under
trafficking caseworkers. The training is needed for the caseworker and client to be able to invoke a confidentiality privilege for
trafficking could be slowly reduced because each trafficker prosecuted
trafficking in cocaine base. Candidly, the damages done to individuals, families and neighborhoods by virtue of cocaine trafficking are severe
trafficking is excessive and duplicative of enhancements already imposed
trafficking organization, "Victims of sex trafficking are unwilling
trafficking section, though 599 persons were committed for false
trafficking. AB 2466 will remedy this problem by amending the Penal Code
train and dispatch electrician apprentices statewide but it is not a Labor
trained healthcare professional equivalent to what California defines as
trainers. It should be pointed out that any time an individual engages
