over-burdened population" and that the decision to fluoridate
overall employment is reduced year-over-year without any necessary
overall payroll and budget...Freezing these wages would not significantly
overall well-being. A child's safety and well-being are paramount. As
overburdened with vehicles fees and taxes, including the highest sales
overcome the presumption of correctness of the standard methodology
overhead costs would increase to a point where many small and mid-size
overlapping payment for initial treatment services
overly broad because as written the ban would apply to positions that are
overly onerous because their billing operation is carried out
overreach by the state
oversight and scrutiny to assure success and address public
oversight approach will facilitate a flow of information that could
oversight by the Department of Corrections
oversight for matters affecting their communities
oversight may face practical impediments
overt-the-counter asthma medications that have proven safe for
overtime compensation, (b) meal and rest periods, and (c) uninterrupted
overtime hours for two AGPAs in the Customer
overturning a utilization review decision would increase workers
overused in the past within the Department of the Youth Authority and the Division of Juvenile Facilities. However those issues were
overwhelmingly cited financial reasons for not providing
own analysis in order to determine an appropriate PEL, as specified
own internal grievance procedures
own motion may strike a prior felony in the interests of justice. Also, a
owned by Caltrans
owner at the owner's or reputed owner's residence or place of business
owner has to pay twice, once to a general and again to a
owner of the vehicle and who is using the information to steal
owner while in the Proof of Service Affidavit it requires the name and title of the person served. In a day-to-day application of this new
owners and managers not required of landlords and residential
owners to disclose to prospective buyers and tenants that a
owners will have to pay an additional permit fee to sell
ownership of private property
ownership of this sort of property is an issue of statewide concern, as
p.m. on August 8, 2000
P5 1 (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this code, a person
pace with expanding cancer treatment demands
Pacific Association of Building Service Contractors is in opposition and
Pacific Federal Companies represents the interest of many Hispanic Labor Union participants who
Pacific Gas and (Canciamilla) continued
Pacific Justice Institute-Center for Public Policy (PJI-CPP) has an
packages for administrators and student fee increases, with the latter
packet' file one time rather than incurring the costs associated with
Pacto de AB 849 (Leno) Amor Foursquare Church
Page 8 "For this reason
Page as $2,000 per year?. This means that many vulnerable and medically compromised patients are essentially left
Page f
Page F
Page F None on file
Page G
Page H None on file
Page insurers are able to receive credit
PAGE k
Page l
Page p
Page SB 289 33 None Received
PageB and Correctional Association
PageB Department
PageJ
PageK
PageL
paid and the Restitution Fund continues to be solvent to support victims' programs
paid for out of its ADA
paid less than white women, should be able to make a claim under
pain
Pain Foundation. It is supported by biotechnology industry groups, patient advocacy groups, pharmacists, law enforcement, and Partnership
paint and material charges by insurers
Palace the only way to close this 'loophole' in the local policy is
Palace, which is owned by the State. Since the State Department of Agriculture's Division of Fairs and Expositions owns and manages the Cow
palliative care or end-of-life care. (ik) (1) A health care practitioner who fails to establish or adopt a safe opioid prescribing policy
pandering a minor, abduction of a person under the age of 18 for purposes
Panel. These clinicians complete all pre-commitment SVP evaluations for
paparazzi law that was passed 13 years ago in an effort to subject
paper prescriptions written each year. The board
paralegal," consumers will not know how to access the type of self-help legal assistance they require
parameters should be changed to align expected program
parent company of Lendify)
Parent Company/ Calvia
parents - including the right to have a legally recognized
parents and adults can attest, I would also
parents and providers should be enabled through technology to more seamlessly
parents at COE schools and charter schools have the same option? The committee may wish to consider this issue
Pari-mutuel clerks who accept wagers at tracks
Park (received prior to
Park and Recreation Agencies or Commissions as follows: San Bernardino
park inspection fee at this time
park residents. The current fee of four dollars
Park, Montebello, Palos Verdes Peninsula, Redondo Beach, San Joaquin County Hispanic, San Jose, and San Mateo Area
Parker of San Diego State University issued a report reviewing the impact
parking are best left to the discretion of local governments, who are in
parking cash-out program' may sound like a good way to encourage commuting
parks with the worst violations of health and safety code at
parks, beaches and other public areas, thereby placing the non-injection drug using population at greater risk for HIV, Hepatitis C, and other blood-borne diseases
parole if a parolee has committed any violent or serious felony, is
parole, rather than the inmate proving suitability for
parolees to live in the community makes it more likely that sex offenders
part because of federal funding cuts and escalating
part of the agreement it made through legislation or for the Legislature to involve itself in a labor/management dispute
part of the daily operating expenses of schools and were
part of the satellite menu for a number of years, but were
partially address the dealer's concerns. New
participants in sexual activity that financially benefits their
Participants of YouthBuild programs spend half of their program hours
participants who are victims of domestic violence. The California Department of Social Services (CDSS) would be
participate in community-based treatment and rehabilitative programing
participate in family
participate in the CHDP
participate. Opponents do not
participating dealers with better and less-costly parts and accessory
participating employer will be left liable for any funding deficiencies
participating in certain types of investments
participating in HMO decisions. They also
participating in welfare-to-work
participation goal on state-funded contracts. The small business
participation rate by any specialty-in various areas
participation target has only been reached three times since it was
participation. The California Institute of Technology, Stanford University, the University of California and the University of Southern California write that they
particular case, a psychologist may be in the best position to
particular constituency or segment of it
particular contractor or subcontractor may have used
particular immunization recommended for children by the ACIP should be a
particular party
particular, opponents
particular, the provision for recovery of attorneys' fees will
particularly egregious' in comparison to other instances of the same crimes. Certain crimes, by their very nature, are
particularly punitive to rural colleges where there are not a large
particularly spending that is ongoing. We must prioritize existing obligations and priorities
particularly targeted at the LGBTQ+ community. 4) Previous Legislation. SB 1319 (Grove)
particularly with regard to federal rules prohibiting provisions that
Particularly. they
parties declare an impasse in negotiations and prohibiting employers from
Parties in support of the bill in its April 16 form
Parties opposed to the bill in its April 16 form
Parties opposed to the bill in its March 27 form
parties to work with Superintendent OConnell to
partner battering and its effects and the committing offense was
partner with a city, the required permission should include specific
partnership under a "host agency," which would coordinate the activities
Partnership, Sanitation Districts of Los
partnerships based on the premise that not one agency can do it alone
partnerships that do not have detailed written partnership
Partnerships to help increase small business participation and improve the state contracting system
party check charge fees when those charges are a direct result of a BOE
party collection agency debt collector and the third-party collection
party from $500 to $1,000
Party's who do business before the CPUC deserve the right to decision and the right to appeal a decision, or lack thereof, to the courts. But
PAs and orthopedic surgeons
pass AB 1944 (Swanson) because of the pending evaluation that is due to
pass or attract another veto from the Governor, the result could be used
pass, California would be the first state to compel
passage of AB 1634 would make these events uncertain. The Club
passage of SB 905 would position California to receive its fair share of federal
Passage of this measure is critical, because it makes an important
passage on the Assembly floor
passage. AB 616 (Bocanegra) also addressed mediation provisions in the MMBA. AB 616 was held by the Senate Committee on Appropriations
passed by city officials
passed the Gun-Free School Zone Act of 1995
passed, the AHA may be forced to cancel the 37th Annual National
passes or Translink cards. Riders can use Translink cards to board AC
passing AB 1705 and thereby extending the sunset date in section 12022.6, the Legislature expressed its overwhelming support for the existing
passing AB 1705 last year and thereby extending the sunset date in
passing the initial screening who will almost certainly be rejected once
pathology and epidemiology of dead animals. CVMA states, "These
pathway for certain students who can afford to take those courses while
patient care, due to downgrades of emergency services that
patient decide it is the best course of action
patient experiences and responses to treatments, creating barriers for patients
patient for covered services as required by subdivision (d),may be punished
patient population.... UC and its medical centers appreciate your
patient safety. The physician groups emphasize collaborative care
patient while at a hospital, related to the patient's hospital stay, and known to the hospital, includes including, but is not limited to, diagnostic, laboratory, therapeutic, and radiologic services
patients and families and more efficient for staff. CHA also
patients and their treatments, as opposed to taking into account unique
patients by allowing them to fully understand their reproductive rights, and will protect them from deception by organizations whose sole purpose
patients physician cannot be overridden by the patients managed care plan and reinforces the prescriber's autonomy in the selection of a patient's
patients suffering from such chronic eye diseases as glaucoma, eye
patients to request an estimate of what they would be expected
patients with HIPAA rules pertaining to the creation and disclosure of medical information from patient directories and for disclosure of medical information to family
patients, against discriminatory standards
patients, they object to disclosing the criteria to the general public arguing that in some cases the information
patients. ACOG noted that 67% of obstetricians and gynecologists treat Medi-Cal patients-the highest
patients. Finally, opponents
patients. Medical debt is one of the leading causes of bankruptcy in the US. The recent revelations about Tenet
patients. Specifically, there are neither guidelines
patriots were on the front line of the life and death struggle to defeat
patronage and that passengers who enjoy the feeling of moving faster than
Patton State Hospital - petition signed by hundreds of patients (received late)
pause for a few years seems reasonable, but this would be an opportune
PAW PAC, which advocates for animal welfare. Others have expressed
pay a nursing home for uncompensated care resulting from penalties imposed
pay for a temporary employee to cover the employee on leave, usually at a higher premium given the limited duration of employment
pay providers directly, so the self-directed services program has not been
pay realtors, or they lose business to the companies that will
pay the state's franchise tax
pay to acquire medications. When the price lists are not appropriately
pay twice, once to the general contractor and a second time
pay, benefits, working conditions, without regard to funding sources
payers and other unintended consequences that could have a
payers, the fast-increasing cost of technology and pharmaceuticals, the growing burden of the uninsured, and marketplace pressures, including competition from niche
paying $28 less in federal taxes and is only out of pocket $16, much
paying a fare. Under current law, AC Transit is not authorized to enforce a
paying for out-of-pocket health care costs. The GAO found that 41% of tax filers reporting HSA contributions in 2005 did not withdraw any funds
paying the dedicated rate component. The munies
payment and discourages late payment. The association notes
payment determinations should not be used to set a standard of care in
payment for services for which a TAR was submitted
payment information when payments are made by electronic funds
payment outcomes, streamlines the administration of all
payment related data across any network [including interagency or
payment shall not constitute a determination that the provider has not met
payment system would encourage more providers to
payments for entitlement awards earned. This would also
payments for travel, lodging, or meals. (g) (1) A publisher or campus bookstore shall not solicit faculty for the purpose of the sale of free review textbooks that have been provided by a
payments previously considered fees or charges. Language in Proposition
payments, pension obligations debt service, unemployment payments or
payments. Finally, opponents are concerned about the so-called crowd-out problem. Having HFP available for
payments. The direct result of this activity is that
payor who provides a contractual or legal entitlement to health care services. (b) Whenever a service or set of services rendered to a Medi-Cal
payroll of $100,000 or less, or new businesses of less than three years
PCMA also objects to the provision allowing pharmacies to participate in a PBM network without having to agree to the PBMs terms and conditions, which PCMA
peace by assuring employees, labor organizations, and employment
peace officer agencies and has not been forthcoming during subsequent
peace officer and firefighter units are not. AB 2243 would remedy this
peace officer applications
peace officers and sheriffs who write
peace officers from effectively investigating criminal activities
pediatric prevention
pediatric psychology consultant to the United States government
pediatricians
Pediatricians from the Lucile Packard Children's Hospital at Sanford University Medical Center
peer counseling as a model to provide victims of violent crime and successfully lobbied for reimbursement for peer counseling to become part
peer counselor to someone who has at least 40 hours of training that
peer review process could potentially weed out many of the false allegation
Penal Code Section 519 currently exists. It appears that several of the existing criteria used to prove that a threat constituting extortion
penalized because Medi-Cal does not give them the earned
penalized for temporary reduction of jobs due to outside economic conditions
penalties and costs on the basis that the applicant was discriminated
penalties are sufficient
penalties by the federal government
penalties could discourage some vendors from continuing to operate in
penalties for powder cocaine rather than decreasing penalties
penalties for swatting
penalties on employers for willful failure to pay undisputed wages due
penalties to address disparities, the ACLU noted that although African
penalties, and render their employees ineligible for tax credits for
penalty enhancements for excessive takings. This measure would
Penalty money would be earmarked
Penalty revenues from violations of the State Fireworks Law are split 65%/35% to the OSFM
penalty such as five percent
