time allocations from the state's General Fund. They
time and part-time workers. CLF
time data is updated on Megan's Law listing will breed hysteria and vigilantism. Further, stranger victim is not the typical risk
time employees (more than 30 hours per week), and that SHPP
time for the BAC to provide any meaningful review or comments on the proposed budget
time for the Legislature to consider enacting a rational, long-term fee
time is being abused
time of significant cutbacks could adversely impact the courses
time of this writing
time period only two performers contracted HIV-off set-in their personal
time their offender would be eligible to have his sentence recalled and lowered to 25 years to life (at 10, 15, 20 and 24 years). This
time to collect fees and address unsatisfied customers
time to disclosure requirements, thus discouraging consultants from using
time to do that . . . . We are often paged out late in the day to arrive at
time to prepare a response. In eliminating this blackout period, AB 2028
time to run the 5/25/95 amendments past their respective
time to time, in response to studies of statewide eligibility
time" penalties as they would under the normal "Berman hearing" process
time, based on recent amendments
time-driven closure process, would be a large step away from the focus of the Lanterman Act on the individual
timeframes for payment of disputed services after independent
timeline is very problematic for crime labs and is not feasible without a
timely manner. Creating a voluntary pilot program to set up a drop off
times and the reliability of transit systems. They also
times. Transportation agencies throughout the state, including Metro, felt
timesheet requirements for IHSS providers and recipients, primarily
Tipping Point funded a pilot program with the San Francisco Department of Child
TMSRT, the existing framework that applies to depository institutions is
TNC Access for All Program has strong
TNR is a daily assault on the constitutionally protected rights of racial and ethnic minority Californians that, as SB 509 makes clear, is not limited to any one state or even a particular group of
to $10,000. A person who violates this section may also be
to (1) review available adult learning disabilities
To 4/9/07 version
to a conservation easement." Both EBMUD and ACWA
to a customer the right to receive a refund of excess sales tax
to a hearing by not receiving the notice promptly and not having adequate
title protection has long been a priority for the organization and that
title, including the common interest development governing
to a hospital business office because these documents are
to a PI which was in 2005. Four licensed PIs have been placed on
to a previous version of the bill)
to a prior version of the bill)
to a private company and deserve the chance to decide
to a probation violation and incarceration as a result thereof
to a SNFl (b) exempt continuing care retirement communities (CCRCs) from
to a training workshop they held in January where 440 newly elected
to abuse. "As the law presently exists, anyone who has legitimate
to accelerate transportation projects in the State Highway Operation and Protection Program. While I appreciate the Legislature's intent
to access funding
to achieve the desired increase in seismic upgrades, and that taxpayers
to achieve the objective of AB 1617, especially given the scarcity and short-term nature of any surplus funds the state is investing
to achieve these goals
to add a new section 758.6 to the Insurance Code. If both bills
to add numerous additional trials into already heavily burdened criminal
to additional facilities. Your bill would give the CDCR the flexibility
to address an entirely different issue
to address major public works disputes in a timely and cost effective manner
to address the problem of "dumping" of homeless persons by
to address the telephone number conservation issue. According
to address the underlying reasons for rising health
to address these subsidy concerns
To address this concern, on Page 17 of the Assembly Judiciary Committee analysis, it
to adopt emergency regulations to accelerate the deposit paid into the Fund by adjusting the payment schedule for distributors from every three
to affordable housing
to aged, blind, and disabled persons with low income below 133 percent FPL
to all dietary supplements, except vitamins and minerals, even
to all segments of the California industry
to allow a court to order the preservation of assets and property owned
to allow access for non-investigative functions, i.e., background checks
to allow designated deputies to act on behalf of ex officio
to allow for the more effective implementation of the bill's provisions. In response to insurance industry
to amend its regulation to allow churches to continue to provide
to an important policy established in Senate Bill 813
to an incoming tenant that is treated as a co-tenants by
to Animals, "Studies have documented a link between animal abuse and domestic violence with perpetrators often abusing animals in order to
to annex urbanized islands which is inconsistent with state and local
to another agency will have a direct impact upon necessary
to argue the legislature's intent is that the Bagley-Keene Act be
to assist any one city, including the City of Lynwood, in developing its local economic development
to associate." Opponents
to attain complete treatment services in venues that are outside of the systems that currently respond and without shame of a criminal record
to authorization by a county or city, authorizes a licensed
to award damages resulting from an unlawful strike, and as a result would
to be $26 million
to be a problem until the CDCR has flexibility to move condemned inmates
to be adopted by August 1, 2001
to be deposited into the General Fund
to be implemented later this year, would stop the importation
to be of the highest quality, meaning minimum qualifications for
to be paid by self-pay patients, as defined, and would have
to be significantly less than in urban and suburban locations, the savings from these lower costs are available to rural
to be submitted to the federal Election Assistance Commission (EAC) by the SOS. Upon federal approval, an expenditure plan
to be utilized by the California start-up companies for demonstration of their emerging technologies
to begin with, directly reducing the amount of competent immigration
To begin with, proponents assume that medical providers can offer telehealth to patients across state lines, with no concern for those
to benefit health care coverage purchasers and patients, has turned into a market situation in which a
to benefit students
To better
To better identify where policy and programmatic interventions can
to better management of the funds generated from commercial salmon stamp sales
to bid these types of projects from preventing smaller, disadvantaged or
to bill as amended March 23, 2004: Allmark Properties
to bill as amended March 23, 2004: California
to both parties as well as public costs for the additional
to CAL FIRE to provide additional local assistance grants to achieve wildfire risk reduction consistent with the Framework and
to CalHR for reinstatement. However, the CalHR ALJ cannot consider if
to California
to California communities
to California veterans
to California-licensed physicians, and to limit utilization reviews to
to CANHR, of this amount, $1.9 million in fines were waived or
to case management services. CAHF
to CASE of its legal outsourcing contracts so the state and the union can
to change "shall" to "may
to change the character of the community colleges
to charge ratio. However, from time to time, hospitals make sweeping
to children following a CHDP health screen. However, the California Medical Association (CMA), the sponsors, indicates that the process for reimbursement is
to chronic illnesses such as diabetes, asthma, allergies and even autism
to CIRM grants and loans that are in the best interest of the state, but these provisions may discourage industry
to complement our ongoing
to comply with parole conditions. It also diminishes the quality and intensity of parole supervision, because parole officers know they have
to comply with the mandates of Proposition 218
to concentrate in areas where high
to conduct
to conduct a review and analysis of admission
to conduct R&D in the location where the credit is given. California's
to consider specified admission criteria conflicts with the UC's system of shared governance, that the medical school
to constrain the innovation and investment currently driving solutions
to contest the decision not to re-employ
to continue their work, the result being higher insurance rates
to continue to provide quality health care services on the low reimbursement rates and that the legislature last year and this year provided the rate increases to address this
to continue. The commission
to contract with between
to convene and
to coordinate the bidding and oversight of 30-40 separate, trade-specific
to counties statewide for county social worker time spent engaged in intensive family finding and
to craft language that defined the distinction between inappropriate use
to create a law to comply with the law. DOF also
to create an investment authority by entering into a Joint Powers
to criminalizing otherwise legal behavior
to CTA, "we can see no reason to entertain a proposal which would
To date, 40
To date, Congress has not taken any action to expressly regulate or
To date, ERIC has identified more than a million duplicate registration records for member
To date, over 14
To date, over 20
To date, three
To deal with this problem, 43
to demonize a loan product. They
to designate a marine managed area, as defined in
to determine that a further increase is warranted at this time
to develop and issue instructional guidance
to develop strategies for addressing community needs
to DHS the minimum amount specified by law or 50 percent of the amount specified in the citation, whichever is greater
to diagnose illness would be unprecedented. The Association
to diminish, we anticipate the disparity between the users and the pilots
to disclose a fact that would not have been cause for denial of the license had it been disclosed. (f) A board shall follow the following procedures in requesting
to disclose to the public and to the communities they
to display either of the following: (a) (1) A trademarked or copyrighted URL
to disproportionately impacted communities. AB 2586 is currently pending in the Senate Health Committee. AB 2626 (Calderon
to DMH for evaluation. A hearing is held to determine whether there is
to DMV. They are able to do this by issuing a resale certificate at the time of purchase at a salvage auto auction. Some of the purchasers remit
to do so.' This means that the original intent of Government Code Section
to DOJ. Do local governments have the personnel and capacity to
to domestic violence shelters
to drug treatment and testing
to duplicate files, transport them to satellite offices and to
to employees. Blue Cross also
to enforce the federal drug laws. (Internal citation omitted).' This
to enhance their learning ability, I cannot support
to ensure our success and, ultimately, the success of public safety realignment
to ensure prohibited persons do not possess guns. To enforce laws
to ensure that its existence and
to ensure that only one payment is made for a claim if a child has
to ensure the physical safety of all students, but the protection
to ensure the safety of human blood or human whole blood derivatives
to ensure their ability to participate in those proceedings
to establish and staff the Charter Authorizing
to examine the "financial solvency" of each insurer, but
to exercise regulatory control over those public utility
to exhibitions that were legally set up years ago with specimens that
to expand eligibility or increase provider rates. In
to extend TD benefits in most cases. In particular, the California
to extract unwanted body hair, a procedure that can cause pain and possible injury to the consumer if not skillfully performed
to federal charter. Although recently this trend has
to finance core infrastructure needs such as roadways, sewers, and street lighting. This is a shift that I cannot support
to fine-tune the language in PC 1405(g), which establishes the threshold
to formal discipline only if either of the following conditions are
to fraud and is a gross misuse of taxpayer's dollars and reduces the amount of resources available for Californians that struggle to make ends meet
to fund a CRIA unless the local agency providing those services adopts a
to fund CDR projects in an amount totaling $50 million. Deploying CDR technologies and projects is an increasingly necessary strategy to achieve our 2045 carbon neutrality goal
to funding sources. They also
To further this goal, the SEC amended federal rules to enable
to generate sufficient revenues
to go through a time-consuming and therefore expensive experimentation
to GO-Biz for staff to compile the list for the Inter-Agency Leadership Team and to provide
to govern their municipal affairs. They note the Courts are tasked with
to have counsel present would impede the investigatory nature of the grand jury proceeding. CDAA
to have the Fund set up in advance of increases in state and local
To help show how this money is spent, the following charts
to help them purchase Medicare supplements which include
to hire a consultant
to hire six new staff
to hire the people they are training for employment
to house condemned inmates at any prison facility equipped with Level IV
to human trafficking. The final product was the report, also known as the "Safe State" report
to identify, audit, and issue reports on any local government agency
to impair fertility
to implement the Budget Act of 2003
to implement the incentive program would be provisions which
to implement the new system and questions whether his office
to impose within the one year statute. The Supreme Court held that the police department need only inform the subject officer that it has
to improve the state's lowest-achieving schools. Federal law allows
to improve them. While we recognize the need to rehabilitate these ramps, we feel that they are a local responsibility and are related to the local
to include all health care costs associated with premiums, deductibles and co-pays, and
to include chiropractors to be eligible for expedited enrollment and provisional provider status within the Medi-Cal program. In its current
to include cost containment measures relating to health care price and quality transparency, bulk prescription drug purchasing, creation of a
to include employers of all foreign workers who enter the U. S
to include reasons other than misconduct, such as reasons of incompetence and negligence, when performing investigations subsequent to incidents and reports of misconduct
to include two members recommended by the CMA
to increase available services
to increase employer fees as it deems appropriate, and
to increase the weight limit on buses that can operate on state highways, given the increase in vehicle weight that has occurred in recent years
to individual city or county costs. They also note they understand the $400 cap is based on a 2011 Sierra Club study, which cites a reasonable
to informing individual applicants of the reason for their
to insure that new tax incentives are effective in achieving their stated
to investigations and interrogations to the same extent as peace
to its being amended in policy committee. It is not clear whether those
to its particular portfolio of investments, have become the primary
to job losses. These organizations further
to July 1
to justify the increase in time for prohibition of firearms possession as
to keep our coastline safe, the Medal of Valor is not the appropriate
to keep that product on the market. (3) A complete list of all differences or changes made between the current
to legal counsel, many of whom live in the Bay Area. Death penalty cases
to lengthening the time of commitment for offenders who are
to license and regulate commercial trappers, consistent with licensing and regulation of many other commercial services
to line 2 on regarding probation
to local agencies to appoint and
to lose their insurance. Health plans
to LTC facility residents for the maintenance of their homes is
to maintain a high quality of care while adjustments are made to
to maintain their driving privileges. We urge the Legislature to restore
to make utilization decisions. The UR committee can approve
to many nationwide nurse advice services that operate
to material safety data sheets (MSDSs) on hazardous chemicals
to medically indigent Californians while at the same time reducing the environmental impact of pharmaceutical waste. SIRUM
to meet the requirements for minimal essential coverage
to mitigate this hardship, I am ordering the Department of Conservation
to money or negotiable securities belonging to the escrow agent, or any
