plans will increase because they will tend to be used only by
plans, Medi-Cal benefits, and school curriculum would have to
plans. MRMIB used this survey to meet federal government
platform is important to the marine ecosystem
play an increasingly important role in fighting hunger in the current
play, and what are the earliest feasible timeframes for meeting standards
playgrounds are not open to the public in the same manner as
Please see Comment 11 for full list of support
Please see comment 3 for more details about support and opposition
Please see comment 5 for more details about support and opposition
PLEASE SEE CONTINUATION PAGES
plumbing and fixtures - not the concentration of lead in the drinking water. In AB 746 from last year
PLUS 28 LETTERS FROM CITIES AND
plus Locals 101, 120, 135, 839, 1179, 1442
plus Locals 373, 839, 870, 1179
PMSA paid to the San Francisco Bar Pilots was down by 5% and the pilot's
pocket limit higher than the individual deductible or out-of-pocket limit, respectively. HAC
point of a severance agreement is to eliminate the risk of
point out given charter schools' limited resources, it is fiscally
point out that California law allows a borrower to write a check for a
point out that many utilization review companies already employ only
point out that the $140 per day rate brings the State in alignment with the rates in Florida and Mississippi
point to poor care in the community, due to underfunding and inadequate supervision
point: the first would limit the information that plans and insurers have to provide to their regulators to the criteria
pointed unerringly to the claimant's innocence. On March 4, 2014, the court granted the writ and ruled that a board hearing to determine
pointer referring investigators to them. The submitting agencies are
points out that the current vision exam in schools may
points out that the regulation of the property/casualty and life
points to its experience working with DHCS
poisoning" or the production of Clostridium botulinum. CAEHA
police dogs they would not be eligible for an intact permit under this
police powers at SFO in order to protect customers who are illegally
police security officers for a broad array of purposes
policies and procedures are applied according to law. The Director of Corrections is ultimately responsible for enforcing
policies and procedures employed by the health plan, its
policies and procedures which will be better suited to a
policies for evaluation of these employees may be
policies that encourage faculty members, departments, or other adopters
policy changes have responded to current concerns and criticisms in a
policy committee
policy committees of any need for subsequent legislation to
Policy committees received opposition from a few dozen
policy conflict with the exception of item F) below
policy favoring finality of judgement under the law. If such a
policy for public higher education in California
policy for use of public goods funds expended for low-income and energy
policy goal. The cost of this change, however, needs to be considered
policy in California that can encourage the development of efficient air conditioners for California's climate without
policy issues that directly impact their lives such as education, employment, foster care, homelessness, and more. However, as most
policy of meeting those expectations
policy on overload provides to the system
policy proposed in SB 515 will bring much-needed attention and finally enable much-needed
policyholders to obtain this assessment right
political pressures to decide tax disputes in the favor of the taxpayer. Additionally, the California Tax Reform Association
polling done in 2023 on behalf of Compassion & Choices
polling place in order to prevent abuse
polling place in their county on Election Day. I
pollution and the effects of climate change
pollution in the New River and advocating for its cleanup
pollution is critical
pool of qualified and willing IHSS providers given the fact that home
pool with a subsidy system for those in need, in order to allow the competitive insurance market to manage adverse selection. CAHU
poorer and sicker individuals. Also, opponents
popular because their strong flavoring masks the odor created from
population - not the inmate population with the significant
population and a recent study found neonics in the bodies of over 95% of 171 pregnant women tested in California and four other
population and resources among hospitals. ACHC
population consistently demonstrate a high incidence of mental
population has shrunk from approximately 10, 000 wards to fewer than
population housing unit and therefore the most likely to be used for
population under the ACA
population, and its clinics are currently experiencing a
population. Ultimately, the Legislature should consider to what extent it
populations
populations served. This may be done by amending the bill, on , line 23, to read "For each group that speaks a language other than
populous jurisdictions, have separate facilities for the juvenile court, and those facilities are
PORAC cannot
PORAC cannot support a State bill that forces our
PORAC is very
Port must
Port of Los Angeles County Business Federation
portends a substantial increase in the licensing fees
portion (the dispute resolution process) of the comprehensive
portion of PUC's allocation of the CRS is now subject to
portion of the CSI. The commission
portion of the tax base to other entities on a one time basis, as in the case of an ERAF transfer, because their is no tax
portrayed as factual that is knowingly false and that
pose the greatest challenge to innovators and entrepreneurs. Proponents
poses a number of problems. Western Center
poses health risks to workers, there is no evidence that diacetyl is a
position and
position and is requesting with Kraft Corporation and the
position and would
position at the time this analysis was completed
Position based on prior version of the bill
position is unknown
Position letters received before 2018
position may change)
position of being unable to regulate essential
Position on
position on the amended bill were unknown
position on the bill as amended
Position pending
position to Committee staff
position to release an involuntarily held person is the same
position where the registrant would be working directly and in an unaccompanied setting with minor children on more
position with this committee
position. CAHSA writes that it is concerned that the bill
positions it would have opened to new applicants in the industry, as
Positions may/may not be relevant to the current
positions. CAPS does not
positive passenger perception of travel time savings helps to attract
possess
possess a cell phone or other wireless communication device or component, or for any person to possess with intent to deliver the device to an
possessing a firearm or deadly weapon is likely to gain access to the firearm
possessing a firearm subsequent to the legal acquisition or registration
possessing a gun
possession of proper documentation of authority to apprehend a bail
possession of that gun, become a member of the class of persons legally
possibilities for employers to provide cheap and inadequate coverage to
possible plan for filling the freeway gap. The Coalition
possible revenue loss (General Fund (GF)) in the millions of dollars to the Department of Child
possible should a clerk violate the sales restrictions, the employing
possible. For instance, it should be clear that the information
possible. Mandated curriculum/graduation requirements must take into
possibly resolve remaining differences
POST conducted a feasibility study on LAWA, the study was completed
postmark
postpartum care
Postponement program collected $41 million more in PT Postponement loan
postsecondary education
postsecondary educational institution, whether that interaction is in
potato. CRA also expresses concern that creativity in the kitchen, especially in fine dining establishments, will be discouraged under this
potential complications for homeless patients. P&A states
potential cost and operational impacts, such as longer ballot cards and increased voting time resulting in longer voting lines
potential exposure to legal or administrative liability if a
potential for election fraud
potential for litigation
potential increased liability. CSIA argued that the only instance they
potential shift of economic activity away from California to other western
potential targets
potentially costly local indemnification
potentially deprive consumers of brands they enjoy
potentially interact with each other and the existing electrical system
potentially lead to abuse, including the establishment of false fronts to give unscrupulous contractors an advantage
potentially leading to a decline in the quality
potentially lengthy web locator address, the time required for
potentially significant reduction in child
potentially will secure federal ARRA funding, create much-needed jobs, and increase the state's supply of electricity from renewable resources
Poverty growing among L.A. County veterans
poverty rates, particularly among children
Poway (as amended March 28, 2006)
powder cocaine trafficking to the same level that currently exists for
power between plans because there have been extensive
power for heat, air conditioning, and other uses. ARB is also about to
power is directly accountable to their ratepayers/voters they
power over much needed bilingual education reform
powerful storage media, such as memory sticks and computer hard-drives, to create a new breed of fraudulent music product containing hundreds, if
powers agency that operates a Regional Occupational Centers and Program
powers of appointments as provided in the State Constitution
PPE and social distancing requirements have resulted in much lower patient volume and additional costs borne by providers. CDA states patient volume
PPIC report on Career Technical Education in California Fact Sheet
practicable changes that will
practice and assures applicants do not incur unnecessary training
practice as an estimated 75% of veterinarians already participate
practice even after the state standards are adopted
practice into treatment of biological processes and, by
practice that allows an agency to meet its housing commitment
practice until the statewide voter registration database (VoteCal) is
practice, according to the opponent
practice, based on a plain reading of Costa Hawkins and the city's own ordinances, has not been to allow rent increases
practiced by those with the proven appropriate level of education and training. CMA's primary concern is that the regulatory authority
practices (such as long-term care or Medicare supplement insurance). There
practices and of ensuring a fair election is slight, and that employee
practices by insurers. They
practices have a disproportionate impact on low-income and minority homeowners
practices recommended by the National Institute of Justice and the ABA for improving the eyewitness identification process
practices, particularly with respect to extractions. CalDerm has
practices, such as using sunscreen or a hat in bright
practices, writing, "this change, even though it is limited to situations
practicing medicine it ensures that the state meets the constitutionally required standard that the employment
practicing psychiatrist and one practicing psychologist designated by
practitioner practicing alone
practitioners to
practitioners who are already overburdened by existing mandates
practitioners, own and operate practices and purchase
practitioners, small firms, and lawyers in the public
prayer or spiritual means for healing in the practice
pre-apprenticeship programs must "follow the Multi-Craft Core Curriculum implemented by the State Department of Education for its pilot project with California Partnership Academies." The opponents
pre-term situations, it is important that the drug is
precedent and will be a disservice to the voting public
precedent for delaying full implementation of class
precedent for other state entities seeking to independently administer
precedent for wage rates being established by legislation
Precedent in Other States. In 2005, Alaska enacted Senate Bill 25 to
precisely the type of professional service a hospital is
preclude inappropriate counting of existing business. The author
precludes the county from recouping other cost increases
precludes. ACOG
precluding the commencement of non-judicial foreclosure through the filing of a notice of default, and as such, would impair the obligation
predators can be held after their original sentence is
predatory criminal behavior upon release
predatory criminal behavior upon release. If so determined, there is a
predetermined percentage of applicants, with the remaining percent
preempted by NLRA
preferences are already commonplace in other states as well as
preferential treatment of public agencies over private entities
preferential treatment to IOU generation. The Utility Reform
preferential" contract, in which a hospital could establish
pregnancy counseling facility know that California respects their rights and provides assistance
pregnant women, to engage in destructive behavior, and that
preliminary examination of the rape kit within 2 years of the crime. And, even that time frame is often unmet
preliminary hearing. Any criminal proceeding which does not afford a
premature given the pending actions on this matter referenced above
premature. The SVP statute permits a person about to be
prematurely anticipates what will be necessary to comply with the new
Premier Exhibitions has registered a late position of oppose, to AB 1519. According to their letter, Premier
Premier requests that the author amend the bill to "grandfather in
premise to set standards building on existing law to
premises. Opponents cite another court holding, which said
premium assistance, and suggests additional cost containment measures, such
premium payments. They cite the high numbers of uninsured children who are believed to be eligible for
premium subsidies, and that the bill should create a new program to provide
premium support to individuals between jobs as well as to early retirees
premiums
premiums for employers -- particularly small employers -- as
premiums paid by employers and their employees, leaving more
premiums which also means that more people cannot afford
premiums. High ratios can be achieved either
premiums. The opponents further
prenatal care increases state costs. For example, ACOG
Prepaid Telconnect, a small prepaid telephone seller, claims the bill prevents the company from utilizing lawful and legitimate
prepaid telephone businesses. The opponents
prepare or submit any written report to the Legislature, the Governor, or any state legislative or executive body unless
prepared an estimate
preponderance of the evidence that a levy, charge or other exaction is
preponderance of the evidence that he did not commit the crimes of murder and attempted murder. The decision states, in part
presale code
Preschool program to 100,000 children by the 2000-01
preschool. My budget proposal for 1999-00 included a
prescribed by this section, shall cause the mechanic's lien to be
prescribed drugs would be difficult. Finally, DHS
prescribing, while CURES provides monitoring after the fact
prescription coverage
prescription drug assistance to low income and uninsured
prescription drug bill prevents the federal government from
prescription drug coverage, or seeking judicial relief
prescription drugs is not currently within their purview
Prescription Printer Program, including approval of "Security
Prescription Printer" applications. Fraudulent prescriptions are
